<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20070910075619.txt.gz
TIME:20070910075619
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
On September 10, 2007, the Registrant began making presentations to the equity investment community in connection with its upcoming spin-off from NCR Corporation. A copy of the presentation is included as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.
On September 10, 2006, the Registrant issued a press release relating to such meetings and included a financial outlook as a standalone company. The press release is included as Exhibit 99.2 hereto.
The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, is furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as shall be expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Exhibits:
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 


Exhibit 99.2
 
For Release on September 10, 2007
 , a division of (NYSE: NCR), today announced that it is beginning to make presentations to the equity investment community in preparation for the planned Sept. 30, 2007 spin off of the Teradata data warehousing business from NCR. The meetings will be led by Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation (Teradata). Other members of the Teradata leadership team will also participate, including Steve Scheppmann, chief financial officer; Darryl McDonald, chief marketing officer, and Bob Young, vice president of financial planning and operations.
DAYTON, Ohio
Teradata
NCR Corporation
The Teradata road show , which includes financial guidance for 2007 and longer-term objectives, is available on Teradata.com and on the NCR investor relations home page, . Teradata management will discuss this financial guidance during the meetings with the investment community.
presentation
http://investor.ncr.com/
Financial Outlook
Assuming completion of its separation from NCR on Sept. 30, 2007, Teradata expects revenue growth for the year ending Dec. 31, 2007 of 7 to 9 percent from 2006 revenue of $1.560 billion. For the year ending Dec. 31, 2007, the company also expects operating margin, including pension expense and ongoing incremental costs associated with Teradata operating as an independent, publicly-traded company, of 20 to 21 percent. Assuming a 39 percent effective tax rate (1),
 
earnings per share (EPS) is expected to be $1.12 to $1.17 per diluted share. This includes 4 cents per share of negative impact from the tax adjustment included in NCR's 2007 second quarter results.
Teradata is also establishing long-term objectives of 7 to 9 percent revenue growth and 22 to 23 percent operating margin, including pension expense and the incremental costs associated with Teradata being an independent, publicly-traded company. Assuming a 30 percent effective tax rate, Teradata's objective is to generate 14 to 18 percent EPS improvement per year over the longer-term. Specific guidance for 2008 will be provided at the beginning of the year.
"With organizations all over the world increasingly turning to enterprise data warehouse solutions to help drive their success, Teradata is well positioned to generate value for shareholders," said Koehler. "As a global leader in enterprise data warehousing, including enterprise analytics technologies and services, we have the highest performing technologies, the most experienced people, a diversified and unmatched customer base and the financial strength to build for the future. We look forward to bringing our story to the investment community."
On Aug. 28, 2007, NCR announced that its Board of Directors approved and set a record date and distribution date for the spin off of its Teradata data warehousing business. The Board also declared a dividend of one share of common stock of Teradata for each share of NCR common stock held. The distribution of Teradata common stock is expected to occur on Sunday, Sept. 30, 2007, by way of a pro rata stock dividend to NCR stockholders of record as of the close of business on Sept. 14, 2007, which is the record date for the distribution.
 
About Teradata Division
Teradata (), a division of NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR), is the global technology leader in enterprise data warehousing, analytic applications and data warehousing services. Organizations around the world rely on the power of Teradata's award-winning solutions to get a single, integrated view of their business to enhance decision-making, customer relationships and profitability. As a growing business, Teradata is always looking for outstanding talent. To learn more about Teradata career opportunities, visit .
www.teradata.com
www.teradata.com/careers
 
About NCR Corporation
NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leading global technology company helping businesses build stronger relationships with their customers. NCR's Teradata data warehouses, ATMs, retail systems, self-service solutions and IT services provide Relationship Technology that maximizes the value of customer interactions and helps organizations create a stronger competitive position. Based in Dayton, Ohio, NCR () employs approximately 29,650 people worldwide.
www.ncr.com
NCR and Teradata are trademarks or registered trademarks of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those related to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increasing pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and
 
successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described in Teradata Corporation's Registration Statement on Form 10, and those factors that will be detailed from time to time in the company's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reports and the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20070911134704.txt.gz
TIME:20070911134704
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
On September 6, 2007, the Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Teradata ("Amended Charter"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The provisions of the Amended Charter are described in Teradata's Information Statement (the "Information Statement"), which was filed on August 31, 2007, by NCR Corporation ("NCR") as Exhibit 99.2 to NCR's current report on Form 8-K in the form mailed to NCR shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
As described in the Information Statement, on September 30, 2007, NCR expects to spin off to holders of shares of NCR common stock as of the close of business on September 14, 2007, all of NCR's interest in Teradata, its wholly owned subsidiary (the "Spin Off"). In order to implement the Spin Off and related transactions, NCR and Teradata have entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement dated August 27, 2007, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Exhibits:
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
Teradata Corporation (the ""), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the ""), does hereby certify as follows:
Corporation
DGCL
(1) The name of the Corporation is Teradata Corporation. The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name Teradata Corporation. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 27, 2007.
(2) This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "") and by the sole stockholder of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the DGCL.
Board of Directors
(3) This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates and amends the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation in its entirety.
(4) The text of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
: The name of the Corporation is Teradata Corporation.
FIRST
: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company.
SECOND
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the DGCL.
THIRD:
:
FOURTH
(1) . The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 600,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (a) 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "") and (b) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "").
Authorized Capital Stock
Common Stock
Preferred Stock
(2) . The powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Common Stock are as follows:
Common Stock
 
(a) . Each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote in person or by proxy for each share of the Common Stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder.
Voting
(b) . The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights.
No Cumulative Voting
(c) . Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, and subject to any other provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as it may be amended from time to time, holders of shares of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Corporation when, as and if declared thereon by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor.
Dividends; Stock Splits
(d) . No holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights by virtue of their ownership of shares of Common Stock.
No Preemptive or Subscription Rights
(e) . The provisions of Section 155 of the DGCL apply with respect to fractional shares.
Fractional Shares
(3) . The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series, and to fix for each such class or series such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such class or series. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each class or series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following:
Preferred Stock
(a) The designation of the class or series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title.
(b) The number of shares of the class or series, which number the Board of Directors may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding).
(c) Whether dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative and the dividend rate of the class or series.
(d) The dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable.
(e) The redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the class or series.
(f) The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the class or series.
 
(g) The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the class or series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation.
(h) Whether the shares of the class or series shall be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series of such other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion may be made.
(i) Restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same class or series or of any other class or series.
(j) The voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the class or series.
: The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders:
FIFTH
(1) The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.
(2) The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. As used in this Article FIFTH and in Article TENTH, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
(3) The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
(4) A director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and thereafter until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify,
 
subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders.
(5) Subject to applicable law and to the terms of any one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled only by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any or all of the directors of the Corporation may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such class or series, and such directors so elected shall not be divided into classes pursuant to this Article FIFTH unless expressly provided by such terms.
provided
(6) In addition to the powers and authority hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and any By-Laws adopted by the stockholders; , , that no By-Laws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the directors which would have been valid if such By-Laws had not been adopted.
provided
however
: No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. If the DGCL is amended hereafter to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this Article SIXTH shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
SIXTH
: The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law, as now or hereafter in effect, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and personal and legal representa-
SEVENTH
 
tives; , , that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred by this Article SEVENTH shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article SEVENTH to directors and officers of the Corporation. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article SEVENTH shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws of the Corporation, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
provided
however
: Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is hereby specifically denied. Unless otherwise required by law or the terms of the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of a class or series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either the (1) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (2) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
EIGHTH
: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the By-Laws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation.
NINTH
: In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of voting power of
TENTH
 
the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of the By-Laws inconsistent with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and Article IX of the By-Laws.
: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or a Preferred Stock Designation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Corporation's By-Laws or the DGCL, and all rights herein conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to such reservation; , , that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by law), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with the purpose and intent of Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH and TENTH of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or this Article ELEVENTH; and that no Preferred Stock Designation shall be amended after the issuance of any shares of the class or series of Preferred Stock created thereby, except in accordance with the terms of such Preferred Stock Designation and the requirements of applicable law.
ELEVENTH
provided
however
provided further
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed on its behalf this 10
th
day of September, 2007.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
THIS SEPARATION AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, dated as of August 27, 2007, is by and between NCR Corporation, a Maryland corporation ("NCR"), and Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Teradata"). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Article I hereof.
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of NCR has determined that it is in the best interests of NCR and its shareholders to separate NCR's existing businesses into two independent businesses;
WHEREAS, in furtherance of the foregoing, it is appropriate and desirable to transfer the Teradata Assets to Teradata and its Subsidiaries and to cause Teradata and its Subsidiaries to assume the Teradata Liabilities, all as more fully described in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements;
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of NCR has further determined that it is appropriate and desirable, on the terms and conditions contemplated hereby, for NCR to distribute to holders of shares of NCR Common Stock the outstanding shares of Teradata Common Stock owned directly or indirectly by NCR;
WHEREAS, the Distribution is intended to qualify as a tax-free spin-off under Section 355 of the Code;
WHEREAS, it is appropriate and desirable to set forth the principal corporate transactions required to effect the Separation, the Distribution and certain other agreements that will govern certain matters relating to the Separation, the Distribution and the relationship of NCR and Teradata and their respective Subsidiaries following the Distribution.
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
For the purpose of this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
means any demand, action, suit, countersuit, arbitration, inquiry, proceeding or investigation by or before any federal, state, local, foreign or international Governmental Authority or any arbitration or mediation tribunal.
1.1
Action
of any Person means a Person that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person. As used herein, "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through ownership of voting securities or other interests, by contract or otherwise.
1.2
Affiliate
means the distribution agent to be appointed by NCR to distribute to the shareholders of NCR the shares of Teradata Common Stock held by NCR pursuant to the Distribution.
1.3
Agent
means this Separation and Distribution Agreement, including all of the Schedules hereto.
1.4
Agreement
means the Commercial Agreements, the Employee Benefits Agreement, the Intellectual Property Agreements, the Interim Services and Systems Replication Agreement, the Real Property Documents, the Tax Sharing Agreement, the agreements and other documents comprising the Non-U.S. Plan and the instruments, assignments and other documents and agreements executed in connection with the implementation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including Article II hereof.
1.5 Ancillary Agreements
means the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, as the same may be amended from time to time.
1.6
Arbitration Act
means assets, properties and rights (including goodwill), wherever located (including in the possession of vendors or other third parties or elsewhere), whether real, personal or mixed, tangible, intangible or contingent, in each case whether or not recorded or reflected or required to be recorded or reflected on the books and records or financial statements of any Person, including the following:
1.7
Assets
(a) all accounting and other books, records and files whether electronic, in paper, microfilm, microfiche, computer tape or disc, magnetic tape or any other form;
(b) all apparatus, computers and other electronic data processing equipment, fixtures, machinery, equipment, furniture, office equipment, automobiles, trucks, aircraft, rolling stock, vessels, motor vehicles and other transportation equipment, special and general tools, test devices, prototypes and models and other tangible personal property;
(c) all inventories of materials, parts, raw materials, supplies, work-in-process and finished goods and products;
(d) all interests in real property of whatever nature, including easements, whether as owner, mortgagee or holder of a Security Interest in real property, lessor, sublessor, lessee, sublessee or otherwise;
(e) all interests in any capital stock or other equity interests of any Subsidiary or any other Person, all bonds, notes, debentures or other securities issued by any Subsidiary or any other Person, all loans, advances or other extensions of credit or capital contributions to any Subsidiary or any other Person and all other investments in securities of any Person;
(f) all license agreements, leases of personal property, open purchase orders for raw materials, supplies, parts or services, unfilled orders for the manufacture and sale of products and other contracts, agreements or commitments;
 
(g) all deposits, letters of credit and performance and surety bonds;
(h) all written technical information, data, specifications, research and development information, engineering drawings, operating and maintenance manuals, and materials and analyses prepared by consultants and other third parties;
(i) all domestic and foreign patents, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, service marks and registrations and applications for any of the foregoing, mask works, trade secrets, inventions, other proprietary information and licenses from third Persons granting the right to use any of the foregoing;
(j) all computer applications, programs and other software, including operating software, network software, firmware, middleware, design software, design tools, systems documentation and instructions;
(k) all cost information, sales and pricing data, customer prospect lists, supplier records, customer and supplier lists, customer and vendor data, correspondence and lists, product literature, artwork, design, development and manufacturing files, vendor and customer drawings, formulations and specifications, quality records and reports and other books, records, studies, surveys, reports, plans and documents;
(l) all prepaid expenses, trade accounts and other accounts and notes receivables;
(m) all rights under contracts or agreements, all claims or rights against any Person arising from the ownership of any Asset, all rights in connection with any bids or offers and all claims, choses in action or similar rights, whether accrued or contingent;
(n) all rights under insurance policies and all rights in the nature of insurance, indemnification or contribution;
(o) all licenses (including radio and similar licenses), permits, approvals and authorizations which have been issued by any Governmental Authority;
(p) cash or cash equivalents, bank accounts, lock boxes and other deposit arrangements; and
(q) interest rate, currency, commodity or other swap, collar, cap or other hedging or similar agreements or arrangements.
means automated teller machines.
1.8
ATMs
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
1.9
Code
means the agreements listed on Schedule 1.10 hereto.
1.10
Commercial Agreements
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1.11
Commission
 
means any consents, waivers or approvals from, or notification requirements to, any third parties.
1.12
Consents
means any Teradata Assets that are expressly provided in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to be transferred after the date of this Agreement.
1.13
Delayed Transfer Assets
means any Teradata Liabilities that are expressly provided in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to be assumed after the date of this Agreement.
1.14
Delayed Transfer Liabilities
shall mean any registration statement (including any registration statement on Form 10) filed with the Commission by or on behalf of any party or any of its controlled Affiliates, and also includes any information statement, prospectus, offering memorandum, offering circular (including franchise offering circular or any similar disclosure statement) or similar disclosure document, whether or not filed with the Commission or any other Governmental Authority, which offers for sale or registers the transfer or distribution of any security of such party or any of its controlled Affiliates or which otherwise describes the Teradata Group or relates to the transactions contemplated hereby.
1.15
Disclosure Documents
means the distribution by NCR on a pro rata basis to holders of NCR Common Stock of all of the outstanding shares of Teradata Common Stock owned by NCR on the Distribution Date as set forth in this Agreement.
1.16
Distribution
means September 30, 2007, which will be the date on which the Distribution will occur.
1.17
Distribution Date
means 11:59 p.m., Eastern Standard Time or Eastern Daylight Time (whichever shall be then in effect), on the Distribution Date.
1.18
Effective Time
means the Employee Benefits Agreement, to be executed and delivered on or prior to the Effective Time, by and between NCR and Teradata.
1.19
Employee Benefits Agreement
means any federal, state, local, foreign or international statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, license, permit, authorization, approval, consent, common law (including tort and environmental nuisance law), legal doctrine, order, judgment, decree, injunction, requirement or agreement with any Governmental Authority, now or hereafter in effect relating to health, safety, pollution or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of any substance currently or at any time hereafter listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, waste, radioactive or dangerous, or otherwise regulated, under any of the foregoing, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of any such substances, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable provisions in state, local, foreign or international law.
1.20
Environmental Law
 
means all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Environmental Law or contract or agreement relating to environmental, health or safety matters (including all removal, remediation or cleanup costs, investigatory costs, governmental response costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injury damages, costs of compliance with any settlement, judgment or other determination of Liability and indemnity, contribution or similar obligations) and all costs and expenses (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel), interest, fines, penalties or other monetary sanctions in connection therewith.
1.21
Environmental Liabilities
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
1.22
Exchange Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).
1.23
Excluded Assets
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).
1.24
Excluded Liabilities
means any notices, reports or other filings to be made, or any consents, registrations, approvals, permits or authorizations to be obtained from, any Governmental Authority.
1.25
Governmental Approvals
shall mean any federal, state, local, foreign or international court, government, department, commission, board, bureau, agency, official or other regulatory, administrative or governmental authority.
1.26
Governmental Authority
means either the NCR Group or the Teradata Group, as the context requires.
1.27
Group
means information, whether or not patentable or copyrightable, in written, oral, electronic or other tangible or intangible forms, stored in any medium, including studies, reports, records, books, contracts, instruments, surveys, discoveries, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, designs, specifications, drawings, blueprints, diagrams, models, prototypes, samples, flow charts, data, computer data, disks, diskettes, tapes, computer programs or other software, marketing plans, customer names, communications by or to attorneys (including attorney-client privileged communications), memos and other materials prepared by attorneys or under their direction (including attorney work product), and other technical, financial, employee or business information or data.
1.28
Information
means each preliminary, final or supplemental information statement forming a part of the Information Statement on Form 10 relating to the Teradata Common Stock.
1.29
Information Statement
means the insurance policies written by insurance carriers unaffiliated with NCR pursuant to which Teradata or one or more of its Subsidiaries (or their respective officers or directors) will be insured parties after the Effective Time including the Insurance Policies listed on Schedule 1.30 hereto.
1.30
Insurance Policies
means those monies:
1.31
Insurance Proceeds
 
(a) received by an insured (or its successor-in-interest) from an insurance carrier;
(b) paid by an insurance carrier on behalf of the insured (or its successor-in-interest); or
(c) received (including by way of set off) from any third party in the nature of insurance, contribution or indemnification in respect of any Liability;
in any such case net of any applicable premium adjustments (including reserves and retrospectively rated premium adjustments) and net of any costs or expenses (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel) incurred in the collection thereof.
means the Trademark License Agreement, the Domain Name Assignment, the Patent Assignment, the Patent License Agreement, the Technology Agreement, the Third Party Licenses Agreement, the Trademark Assignment and the Exclusive Patent License, each to be executed and delivered on or prior to the Effective Time by and between NCR and Teradata.
1.32
Intellectual Property Agreements
means the Interim Services and Systems Replication Agreement, to be executed and delivered on or prior to the Effective Time, by and between NCR and Teradata.
1.33
Interim Services and Systems Replication Agreement
means JAMS, located in New York, NY or in the event that JAMS is no longer in operation a comparable organization of national standing.
1.34
JAMS
means any and all losses, claims, charges, debts, demands, actions, causes of action, suits, damages, obligations, payments, costs and expenses, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, specialties, indemnities and similar obligations, exonerations, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, doings, omissions, variances, guarantees, make whole agreements and similar obligations, and other liabilities, including all contractual obligations, whether absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or unaccrued, known or unknown, whenever arising, and including those arising under any law, rule, regulation, Action, threatened or contemplated Action (including the costs and expenses of demands, assessments, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto and attorneys' fees and any and all costs and expenses (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel), whatsoever reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any such Actions or threatened or contemplated Actions), order or consent decree of any Governmental Authority or any award of any arbitrator or mediator of any kind, and those arising under any contract, commitment or undertaking, including those arising under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, in each case, whether or not recorded or reflected or required to be recorded or reflected on the books and records or financial statements of any Person.
1.35
Liabilities
means The New York Stock Exchange, Inc.
1.36
NYSE
means any Assets of NCR or any of its Affiliates (including any member of the Teradata Group) other than Teradata Assets.
1.37
Non-Teradata Assets
 
means the Non-U.S. Plan, comprised of the series of transactions, agreements and other arrangements, pursuant to which the non-U.S. Assets and Liabilities of NCR and its Affiliates have been or will be assigned between NCR and Teradata and their respective Subsidiaries, which are set forth in Schedule 1.38 hereto and in the separate binders identified by the parties.
1.38
Non-U.S. Plan
means the Common Stock, $.01 par value per share, of NCR.
1.39
NCR Common Stock
means NCR and each Person (other than any member of the Teradata Group) that is an Affiliate of NCR immediately after the Effective Time.
1.40
NCR Group
means: (a) the business and operations of NCR other than the Teradata Business consisting principally of the business of self-service technologies (including ATMS, retail self-checkout systems, automated bill payment systems, and airline, hotel and hospital self check-in kiosks), retail store automation and customer support services, business consumables and check processing and imaging solutions; (b) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any terminated, divested or discontinued businesses or operations that at the time of termination, divestiture or discontinuation primarily related to the NCR Self-Services Business as then conducted; and (c) the terminated, divested, discontinued or other businesses and operations listed or described on Schedule 1.41.
1.41
NCR Self-Services Business
means any terminated, divested or discontinued businesses and operations of NCR or Teradata or of any former or current Affiliate of NCR or Teradata (whether such business or operations were terminated, divested or discontinued prior to, at the time or after such Person was, became or ceased to be an Affiliate of NCR or Teradata) that are not listed or described in the definitions of NCR Self-Services Business or Teradata Business or the respective Schedules thereto.
1.42
Other Discontinued Operations
means an individual, general or limited partnership, corporation, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, limited liability entity, any other entity and any Governmental Authority.
1.43
Person
means the rate which JP Morgan Chase (or any successor thereto or other major money center commercial bank agreed to by the parties hereto) announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect from time to time.
1.44
Prime Rate
means the deeds, lease assignments and assumptions, leases, subleases and sub-subleases, and the supplemental and other agreements and instruments related thereto necessary to effect the Separation to be executed by and between Teradata and NCR prior to or as of the Effective Time.
1.45
Real Property Documents
means the close of business on September 14, 2007, the date determined by the NCR Board of Directors as the record date for determining shareholders of NCR entitled to receive shares of Teradata Common Stock in the Distribution.
1.46
Record Date
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
1.47
Securities Act
 
means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, charge, claim, option, right to acquire, voting or other restriction, right-of-way, covenant, condition, easement, encroachment, restriction on transfer, or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.
1.48
Security Interest
means the transfer of the Teradata Assets to Teradata and its Subsidiaries and the assumption by Teradata and its Subsidiaries of the Teradata Liabilities, all as more fully described in this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.
1.49
Separation
Shared Liabilities means any and all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any of the matters listed or described on Schedule 1.50.
1.50
means, with respect to any Shared Liability, the percentage indicated on the Schedule defining Shared Liabilities as allocated to NCR for such Shared Liability.
1.51
Shared NCR Percentage
means, with respect to any Shared Liability, the percentage indicated on the Schedule defining Shared Liabilities as allocated to Teradata for such Shared Liability.
1.52
Shared Teradata Percentage
of any Person means any corporation or other organization whether incorporated or unincorporated of which at least a majority of the securities or interests having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such Person or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries; , that no Person that is not directly or indirectly wholly owned by any other Person shall be a Subsidiary of such other Person unless such other Person controls, or has the right, power or ability to control, that Person.
1.53
Subsidiary
provided
however
means the Tax Sharing Agreement, to be executed and delivered on or prior to the Effective Time, by and between NCR and Teradata.
1.54
Tax Sharing Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the Tax Sharing Agreement.
1.55
Taxes
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2
1.56
Teradata Assets
means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Teradata, dated as of June 30, 2007 included in the Information Statement. As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, the parties shall seek to substitute an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Teradata, dated as of September 30, 2007, as the Teradata Balance Sheet. The parties agree to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in the preparation of such unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Teradata, dated as of September 30, 2007, but if either or both of such parties fail to do so or if the parties fail for any reason whatsoever to agree on such an updated balance sheet, the term Teradata Balance Sheet shall continue to refer to the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Teradata, dated as of June 30, 2007, included in the Information Statement.
1.57
Teradata Balance Sheet
 
means: (a) the business and operations of NCR and its Subsidiaries relating to the enterprise analytics and data warehousing business; (b) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any terminated, divested or discontinued businesses or operations that at the time of termination, divestiture or discontinuation primarily related to the Teradata Business as then conducted, and (c) any terminated, divested, discontinued or other businesses or operations listed on Schedule 1.58.
1.58
Teradata Business
means the Common Stock, $.01 par value per share, of Teradata.
1.59
Teradata Common Stock
means the following contracts and agreements to which NCR or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which it or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective Assets is bound, whether or not in writing, except for any such contract or agreement that is contemplated to be retained by NCR or any member of the NCR Group pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement:
1.60
Teradata Contracts
(a) any customer, supply, vendor or other contracts or agreements listed or described on Schedule 1.60(a);
(b) any contract or agreement entered into in the name of, or expressly on behalf of, any division, business unit or member of the Teradata Group;
(c) any contract or agreement that relates primarily to the Teradata Business, including those listed on Schedule 1.60(c);
(d) federal, state and local government and other contracts and agreements that are listed or described on Schedule 1.60(d) and any other government contracts or agreements that relate primarily to the Teradata Business;
(e) any contract or agreement representing either Indebtedness or capital or operating equipment lease obligations reflected on the Teradata Balance Sheet, including obligations as lessee under those contracts or agreements listed on Schedule 1.60(e) (as such Schedule may be supplemented by mutual agreement of the parties after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time to assign Indebtedness incurred, and capital and operating equipment lease obligations executed and delivered, after the date of the Teradata Balance Sheet);
(f) any contract or agreement that is otherwise expressly contemplated pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements to be assigned to Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group;
(g) (i) any guarantee, indemnity, representation, warranty or other Liability of any member of the Teradata Group or the NCR Group in respect of any other Teradata Contract, any Teradata Liability or the Teradata Business (including guarantees of financing incurred by customers or other third parties in connection with purchases of products or services from the Teradata Business), and (ii) the contracts, agreements and other documents listed or described on Schedule 1.60(g);
 
(h) any joint venture, partnership or other similar arrangements relating primarily to the Teradata Business, including those set forth on Schedule 1.60(h); and
(i) any portion of any other contract or agreement to which NCR or any of its Subsidiaries was a party prior to the Distribution Date to the extent (and only to the extent) performance of such contract or agreement directly relates to or requires the Teradata Business.
means (a) any portion of any other contract or agreement to which NCR or any of its Subsidiaries was a party prior to the Distribution Date to the extent (and only to the extent) performance of such contract or agreement directly relates to or requires the NCR Self-Service Business, and (b) the contracts and other agreements listed on Schedule 1.61.
1.61
Teradata Excluded Contracts
means any real property used primarily in the NCR Self-Service Business and shall include the real property listed on Schedule 1.62.
1.62
Teradata Excluded Real Property
means Teradata, each Subsidiary of Teradata and each other Person that is either controlled directly or indirectly by Teradata immediately after the Effective Time or that is contemplated to be controlled by Teradata pursuant to the Non-U.S. Plan (other than any Person that is contemplated not to be controlled by Teradata pursuant to the Non-U.S. Plan).
1.63
Teradata Group
means real property listed on Schedule 1.64 which will be leased or subleased by a member of the NCR Group to a member of the Teradata Group after the Effective Time.
1.64
Teradata Leased Real Property
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2
1.65
Teradata Liabilities
means real property listed on Schedule 1.66 or reflected on the Teradata Balance Sheet which will be owned by a member of the Teradata Group after the Effective Time.
1.66
Teradata Owned Real Property
(a) NCR hereby assigns, transfers, conveys and delivers to Teradata and its Subsidiaries, and agrees to cause its applicable Subsidiaries, if any, to assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Teradata and its Subsidiaries, and Teradata and its Subsidiaries hereby accept from NCR and its Subsidiaries, all of NCR's and its Subsidiaries' respective right, title and interest in all Teradata Assets, other than the Delayed Transfer Assets, in each case effective as of no later than the Effective Time. Schedule 2.1A sets forth the steps which each of Teradata and NCR shall follow, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to follow, in addition to those steps contemplated by the Non-US Plan, in order to implement the transactions contemplated by this Article II.
2.1
Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities.
 
(b) Teradata and its Subsidiaries hereby assume and agree faithfully to perform and fulfill all the Teradata Liabilities, other than the Delayed Transfer Liabilities, in accordance with their respective terms, in each case effective as of no later than the Effective Time. As of and after the Effective Time, Teradata and its Subsidiaries shall be responsible for all Teradata Liabilities, regardless of when or where such Liabilities arose or arise, or whether or not scheduled, or whether the facts on which they are based occurred prior to or subsequent to the date hereof, regardless of where or against whom such Liabilities are asserted or determined (including any Teradata Liabilities arising out of claims made by NCR's or Teradata's respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates against any member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group) or whether asserted or determined prior to, at or after the date hereof, and regardless of whether arising from or alleged to arise from negligence, recklessness, violation of statute or law, fraud or misrepresentation, breach of contract or other theory, by any member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates.
(c) Each of the parties hereto agrees that the Delayed Transfer Assets will be assigned, transferred, conveyed and delivered, and the Delayed Transfer Liabilities will be assumed, in accordance with the terms of the agreements that provide for such assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery, or such assumption, after the date of this Agreement or as otherwise set forth on Schedule 2.1(c). Following such assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery of any Delayed Transfer Asset, or the assumption of any Delayed Transfer Liability, the applicable Delayed Transfer Asset or Delayed Transfer Liability shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements as a Teradata Asset or a Teradata Liability, as the case may be.
(d) In the event that at any time or from time to time (whether prior to or after the Distribution Date), any party hereto (or any member of such party's respective Group), shall receive or otherwise possess any Asset that is allocated to any other Person pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, such party shall promptly transfer, or cause to be transferred, such Asset to the Person so entitled thereto. Prior to any such transfer, the Person receiving or possessing such Asset shall hold such Asset in trust for the benefit of any such other Person.
(e) Each of Teradata and NCR agrees on behalf of itself and its respective Subsidiaries that certain of the transfers of Assets and assumptions of Liabilities contemplated by this Section 2.1 will be effected in accordance with the steps set forth on Schedule 2.1 hereto or in accordance with the steps of the Non-US Plan.
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, subject to Section 2.2(c), "" shall mean (without duplication):
2.2
Teradata Assets.
Teradata Assets
(i) any and all Assets that are expressly contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement (or Schedule 2.2(a)(i) or any other Schedule hereto or thereto) as Assets to be transferred to Teradata or any other member of the Teradata Group;
(ii) (A) any Assets that Section 2.5(b) contemplates will be transferred to, or be retained by, any member of the Teradata Group, (B) any Teradata Contracts and (C)
 
all issued and outstanding capital stock or other equity interests of any Subsidiaries of NCR or of any other Person listed on Schedule 2.2(a)(ii);
(iii) any Assets reflected in the Teradata Balance Sheet as Assets of Teradata and its Subsidiaries, subject to any dispositions of such Assets subsequent to the date of the Teradata Balance Sheet, in which event the net proceeds thereof shall be Teradata Assets;
(iv) any Assets resulting from or acquired in the operation of the Teradata Business after the date of the Teradata Balance Sheet;
(v) except as contemplated by Section 2.5(b), any and all Assets owned or held immediately prior to the Effective Time by NCR or any of its Subsidiaries that are used primarily in or primarily relate to, arise out of or result from the Teradata Business. No Asset shall be deemed to be a Teradata Asset solely as a result of this clause (v) if such Asset is within the category or type of Asset expressly covered by the subject matter of an Ancillary Agreement; and
(vi) an amount of cash equal to $200 million as contemplated by the pro forma balance sheet included in the Information Statement.
In the event of a conflict among any of the provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, the question of whether or not an Asset is a Teradata Asset shall be resolved, to the extent any of the following are applicable, by giving precedence to the following items in the following order: the Teradata Balance Sheet and any related statements or notes or any pro forma balance sheet or notes included in the Information Statement, the Schedules hereto or to any Ancillary Agreement, the provisions of any Ancillary Agreement and finally whether the Asset is used primarily in or primarily relate to, arise out of or result from the Teradata Business.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Teradata Assets shall not in any event include the Excluded Assets referred to in Section 2.2(b) below.
(b) For the purposes of this Agreement, "" shall mean:
Excluded Assets
(i) any Teradata Excluded Contracts;
(ii) any Teradata Excluded Real Property;
(iii) the Assets listed or described on in Section 2.2(d) or Schedule 2.2(b)(iii) (which shall include cash and cash equivalents to the extent set forth therein); and
(iv) any and all Assets that are expressly contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement (or the Schedules hereto or thereto) as Assets to be retained by NCR or any other member of the NCR Group.
 
(c) Each of NCR and Teradata agrees on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries that the provisions of the Tax Sharing Agreement shall exclusively govern the allocation of Assets that are Taxes.
(d) (i) Any cash or cash equivalents (as defined below on this Schedule) which otherwise would be Teradata Assets to the extent the possession or ownership thereof by Teradata as of the Effective Time would result in the cash and cash equivalents held by Teradata as of the Effective Time being in excess of $200 million shall be an Excluded Asset.
(ii) The parties agree that in order to implement the foregoing provision, prior to the Effective Time, NCR and Teradata shall jointly estimate the amount of cash and cash equivalents likely to held by Teradata and the other members of the Teradata Group as of the Effective Time absent adjustment pursuant to this provision (the ""). To the extent the Cash Estimate is less than $200 million, NCR shall transfer the shortfall to Teradata or one of its Subsidiaries as a contribution to capital. To the extent the Cash Estimate is more than $200 million, Teradata shall transfer by dividend the excess to NCR or one of its Subsidiaries.
Cash Estimate
(iii) For purposes of this Schedule the term "cash or cash equivalents" shall have the meanings contemplated by GAAP applied in a manner consistent with GAAP as used in the preparation of the Teradata Balance Sheet. For purposes of clarification, accounts receivable and other current assets other than cash and cash equivalents shall not be deemed to be included for purposes of calculating the payments required by this Schedule.
(iv) Within 15 days after the Effective Time, an officer of Teradata shall deliver a certificate to NCR certifying the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents of the Teradata Group as of the Effective Time (the "Final Amount"). Such certificate shall be accompanied by reasonable documentation. To the extent the Final Amount is less than $200 million, NCR shall pay Teradata an amount equal to the shortfall no later than October 31, 2007. To the extent the Final Amount is greater than $200 million, Teradata shall pay an amount equal to the excess to NCR no later than October 31, 2007. In the event of a dispute of the Final Amount by NCR, NCR shall give notice thereof no later than October 31, 2007. The parities shall cooperate in an effort to resolve any such dispute. If they are unable to resolve any such dispute, either party may submit the matter for resolution to Deloitte & Touche (or if Deloitte & Touche is not willing or able to serve, to any other nationally recognized independent accounting firm). The decision of such firm shall be final and binding upon the parties and shall thereafter represent the Final Amount for purposes hereof. The fees and expenses of the firm shall be borne by the party whose estimate of the cash and cash equivalents of the Teradata Group as of September 30, 2007 is farthest in absolute value from the amount determined by the firm as the Final Amount. The provisions of Article VIII of the Separation and Distribution Agreement shall not apply to the calculation of Final Amount.
(v) All payments shall be accompanied by interest at the Applicable Rate (as defined below) accruing from September 30, 2007 through the date of payment. For purposes hereof, the term "Applicable Rate" shall mean the Prime Rate from September 30, 2007 through and including October 31, 2007 and the Prime Rate plus 2% per annum thereafter. These provisions regarding accrual of interest shall apply without limitation in the event of a dispute.
 
(vi) Each of the parties shall cooperate, including by providing access to information, in connection with the matters contemplated by this Schedule. For purposes of clarification, the parties agree that the adjustments contemplated by this Schedule shall be made after giving effect to the settlement of any intercompany accounts between the members of the different Groups and after the settlement of any true-ups with respect to any of the foreign country asset purchase agreements. As a result, in the event that any such settlements or adjustments are not completed for administrative or other reasons as of prior to the Effective Time, the parties shall deem them to have been completed as of such time for purposes of calculating the amount payable pursuant to this Schedule.
(a) For the purposes of this Agreement, subject to Section 2.3(c), "" shall mean (without duplication):
2.3
Teradata Liabilities.
Teradata Liabilities
(i) any and all Liabilities that are expressly contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement (or the Schedules hereto or thereto) as Liabilities to be assumed by Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group, and all agreements, obligations and Liabilities of any member of the Teradata Group under this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements;
(ii) all Liabilities, including any employee-related Liabilities and Environmental Liabilities, to the extent primarily relating to, arising out of or resulting from:
(A) the operation of the Teradata Business, as conducted at any time prior to, on or after the Effective Time (including any Liability relating to, arising out of or resulting from any act or failure to act by any director, officer, employee, agent or representative (whether or not such act or failure to act is or was within such Person's authority));
(B) the operation of any business conducted by any member of the Teradata Group at any time after the Effective Time (including any Liability relating to, arising out of or resulting from any act or failure to act by any director, officer, employee, agent or representative (whether or not such act or failure to act is or was within such Person's authority)); or
(C) any Teradata Assets (including any Teradata Contracts and any real property and leasehold interests);
in any such case whether arising before, on or after the Effective Time;
(iii) the Shared Teradata Percentage of all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Shared Liabilities.
(iv) all Liabilities reflected as liabilities or obligations of Teradata in the Teradata Balance Sheet, subject to any discharge of such Liabilities subsequent to the date of the Teradata Balance Sheet;
 
(v) all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from the pending or threatened Actions listed or described on Schedule 2.3(a)(v) hereto; and
(vi) all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from the matters listed or described on Schedule 2.3(a)(vi).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Teradata Liabilities shall not include the Excluded Liabilities referred to in Section 2.3(b) below.
(b) For the purposes of this Agreement, "" shall mean:
Excluded Liabilities
(i) any and all Liabilities that are expressly contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement (or the Schedules hereto or thereto) as Liabilities to be retained or assumed by NCR or any other member of the NCR Group, and all agreements and obligations of any member of the NCR Group under this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements;
(ii) all Environmental Liabilities of NCR and its past or current Affiliates as of the Effective Time, other than Environmental Liabilities (A) relating to, arising out of or resulting from the matters listed on Schedule 2.3(a)(v) under the caption "Environmental Matters," (B) to the extent primarily relating to, arising out of or resulting from the conduct of the Teradata Business or (C) arising from the operation of any member of the Teradata Group on or after the Effective Time;
(iii) the Liabilities listed or described on Schedule 2.3(b)(iii);
(iv) any and all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Other Discontinued Operations; and
(v) the Shared NCR Percentage of all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Shared Liabilities.
(c) Each of NCR and Teradata agrees on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries that the provisions of the Tax Sharing Agreement shall exclusively govern the allocation of Liabilities relating to Taxes.
(a) Except as set forth in Section 2.4(b), in furtherance of the releases and other provisions of Section 5.1 hereof, Teradata and each member of the Teradata Group, on the one hand, and NCR and each member of the NCR Group, on the other hand, hereby terminate, effective as of the Effective Time, any and all agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings, whether or not in writing, between or among Teradata and/or any member of the Teradata Group, on the one hand, and NCR and/or any member of the NCR Group, on the other hand, effective as of the Effective Time; , , to the extent any such agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding is inconsistent with any Ancillary Agreement, such termination shall be effective as of the date of effectiveness of the applicable Ancillary Agreement. No such terminated agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding (including any provision thereof which purports to survive termination) shall be of any further force or effect after the Effective Time (or, to the
2.4
Termination of Agreements.
provided
however
 
extent contemplated by the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, after the effective date of the applicable Ancillary Agreement). Each party shall, at the reasonable request of any other party, take, or cause to be taken, such other actions as may be necessary to effect the foregoing.
(b) The provisions of Section 2.4(a) shall not apply to any of the following agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings (or to any of the provisions thereof): (i) this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements (and each other agreement or instrument expressly contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to be entered into by any of the parties hereto or any of the members of their respective Groups); (ii) any agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings listed or described on Schedule 2.4(b)(ii); (iii) any agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings to which any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective Affiliates is a party (it being understood that to the extent that the rights and obligations of the parties and the members of their respective Groups under any such agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings constitute Teradata Assets or Teradata Liabilities, they shall be assigned pursuant to Section 2.1); (iv) any agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings to which any non-wholly owned Subsidiary of NCR or Teradata, as the case may be, is a party (it being understood that directors' qualifying shares or similar interests will be disregarded for purposes of determining whether a Subsidiary is wholly owned); and (v) any other agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings that this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement expressly contemplates will survive the Effective Time. Any intercompany accounts payable or accounts receivable accrued as of the Effective Time that are reflected in the books and records of the parties or otherwise documented in writing in accordance with past practices shall be settled for cash as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. If the parties agree, such settlement may be effected by indirect payments from or to an affiliate of the obligor or obligee as the case may be.
(a) In furtherance of the assignment, transfer and conveyance of Teradata Assets and the assumption of Teradata Liabilities set forth in Section 2.1(a) and (b), on or prior to the Effective Time, each of NCR and Teradata, or their applicable Subsidiaries, is executing and delivering or will execute and deliver deeds, lease assignments and assumptions, leases, subleases and sub-subleases listed or described in Schedule 2.5. Set forth in, or referenced by, such Schedule is, among other things, a summary of each property or interest therein to be conveyed, assigned, leased, subleased or sub-subleased, the applicable entities relevant to each property and their capacities with respect to each property (, as transferor, transferee, assignor, assignee, lessor, lessee, sublessor, sublessee, sub-sublessor or sub-sublessee), and any terms applicable to each property that are not specified in the forms of deed, lease assignment and assumption, lease, sublease or sub-sublease (, rent and term).
2.5
Documents Relating to Transfer of Real Property Interests and Tangible Property Located Thereon.
e.g.
e.g.
(b) (i) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, all tenant improvements, fixtures, furniture, office equipment, servers, private branch exchanges, artwork and other tangible property (other than equipment subject to capital or operating equipment leases, which will be transferred or retained based on whether the associated capital or operating equipment lease is or is not a Teradata Contract) located as of the date hereof on any real property that is covered by any Ancillary Agreement referred to in Section 2.5(a), including the Schedules thereto,
 
shall, except to the extent expressly set forth on a Schedule referred to in Section 2.5(a), be transferred or retained as follows:
(ii) Subject to clause (v), in the case of any real property or leasehold interests covered by an Ancillary Agreement that is a deed or lease assignment and assumption, all such tangible property will be transferred to the transferee or assignee of the applicable real property or leasehold interest;
Deeds and Assignments.
(iii) Subject to clause (v), in the case of any real property or leasehold interests covered by an Ancillary Agreement that is a lease, all such tangible property will be retained by the lessor under the applicable lease, except that any such tangible property (including furniture and artwork but other than tenant improvements, fixtures) used exclusively by the lessee shall be transferred to, or retained by, the lessee.
Shared Facilities without Third Party Leases.
(iv) Subject to clause (v), in the case of any real property or leasehold interests covered by an Ancillary Agreement that is a sublease or sub-sublease of a third party lease, all such tangible property will be retained by the sublessor or sub-sublessor, respectively, under the applicable sublease or sub-sublease, except that any such tangible property (including furniture and artwork but other than tenant improvements, fixtures), used exclusively by the sublessee or sub-sublessee, respectively, shall be transferred to, or retained by, such sublessee or sub-sublessee.
Shared Facilities with Third Party Leases.
(v) The provisions of clauses (i) through (iv) above shall not apply to any IT equipment or other Assets that are contemplated by Ancillary Agreement to be used by a member of a Group in the performance of its obligations thereunder and any such IT equipment or other Assets shall be the property of the party providing services or performing other obligations.
Property Used to Perform Ancillary Agreements.
In the case of this Section 2.5(b), all determinations as to by any member of a Group shall be made without regard to infrequent and immaterial use by the members of any other Group, if the transfer of such Asset to, or the retention of such Asset by, such first Group would not interfere in any material respect with either the business or operations of any such other Group. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5(b), any artwork (other than artwork on loan from the NCR archives) located as of the date hereof in the private office of any senior manager or officer of any Group may, at the election of such senior manager or officer, be retained by, or transferred to, the Group by which such executive is employed as of the Effective Time.
exclusive use
(c) In the case of any real property or leasehold interest that is covered by Section 2.5(b)(i) and any of Section 2.5(b)(ii), (iii) or (iv), all such tangible property shall first be allocated pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.5(b)(i) and thereafter pursuant to whichever of such other clauses is applicable.
In furtherance of the assignment, transfer and conveyance of Teradata Assets and
2.6
Documents Relating to Other Transfers of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities.
 
the assumption of Teradata Liabilities set forth in Section 2.1(a) and (b), on or prior to the Effective Time, (i) each of NCR and Teradata shall execute and deliver, and each shall cause its respective Subsidiaries to execute and deliver, such bills of sale, stock powers, certificates of title, assignments of contracts and other instruments of transfer, conveyance and assignment as and to the extent necessary to evidence the transfer, conveyance and assignment of all of NCR's, Teradata's and their respective Subsidiaries' right, title and interest in and to the Teradata Assets to Teradata and (ii) Teradata shall execute and deliver, to NCR and its Subsidiaries such bills of sale, stock powers, certificates of title, assumptions of contracts and other instruments of assumption as and to the extent necessary to evidence the valid and effective assumption of the Teradata Liabilities by Teradata.
On or prior to the Effective Time, each of NCR and Teradata will execute and deliver all Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party.
2.7
Other Ancillary Agreements.
Each of NCR and Teradata shall take, and shall cause each member of its respective Group to take, such action as reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Non-U.S. Plan (whether prior to or after the Effective Time).
2.8
The Non-U.S. Plan.
Each of NCR (on behalf of itself and each member of the NCR Group), and Teradata (on behalf of itself and each member of the Teradata Group) understands and agrees that, except as expressly set forth herein or in any Ancillary Agreement, no party to this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or any other agreement or document contemplated by this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or otherwise, is representing or warranting in any way as to the Assets, businesses or Liabilities transferred or assumed as contemplated hereby or thereby, as to any consents or approvals (including Governmental Approvals or Consents) required in connection therewith, as to the value or freedom from any Security Interests of, or any other matter concerning, any Assets of such party, or as to the absence of any defenses or right of setoff or freedom from counterclaim with respect to any claim or other Asset, including any accounts receivable, of any party, or as to the legal sufficiency of any assignment, document or instrument delivered hereunder to convey title to any Asset or thing of value upon the execution, delivery and filing hereof or thereof. Except as may expressly be set forth herein or in any Ancillary Agreement, all such Assets are being transferred on an "as is," "where is" basis (and, in the case of any real property, by means of a quitclaim or similar form deed or conveyance) and the respective transferees shall bear the economic and legal risks that any conveyance shall prove to be insufficient to vest in the transferee good and marketable title, free and clear of any Security Interest.
2.9
Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties.
(a) To the extent that the Separation requires any Governmental Approvals or Consents, the parties will use their reasonable best efforts to obtain any such Governmental Approvals and Consents.
2.10
Governmental Approvals and Consents.
(b) If and to the extent that the valid, complete and perfected transfer or assignment (or novation of any federal government contract) to the Teradata Group of any Teradata Assets (or from the Teradata Group of any Non-Teradata Assets) would be a violation of applicable laws or require any Consent or Governmental Approval in connection with the Separation or the Distribution, then, unless NCR shall otherwise determine, the transfer or
 
assignment to or from the Teradata Group, as the case may be, of such Teradata Assets or Non-Teradata Assets, respectively, shall be automatically deemed deferred and any such purported transfer or assignment shall be null and void until such time as all legal impediments are removed and/or such Consents or Governmental Approvals have been obtained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such Asset shall be deemed a Teradata Asset for purposes of determining whether any Liability is a Teradata Liability.
(c) If the transfer or assignment of any Assets intended to be transferred or assigned hereunder, including pursuant to the Non-U.S. Plan, is not consummated prior to or at the Effective Time, whether as a result of the provisions of Section 2.10(b) or for any other reason, then the Person retaining such Asset shall thereafter hold such Asset for the use and benefit, insofar as reasonably possible, of the Person entitled thereto (at the expense of the Person entitled thereto). In addition, the Person retaining such Asset shall take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the Person to whom such Asset is to be transferred in order to place such Person, insofar as reasonably possible, in the same position as if such Asset had been transferred as contemplated hereby and so that all the benefits and burdens relating to such Teradata Assets (or such Non-Teradata Assets, as the case may be), including possession, use, risk of loss, potential for gain, and dominion, control and command over such Assets, are to inure from and after the Effective Time to the Teradata Group (or the NCR Group, as the case may be). Without limiting the foregoing, at the reasonable request and expense of the other party, each of NCR and Teradata shall cooperate with the other to enforce any rights or remedies it may have with respect to any Asset the transfer of which is delayed or not completed whether as a result of a required Consent and/or Governmental Approval or otherwise.
(d) If and when the Consents and/or Governmental Approvals, the absence of which caused the deferral of transfer of any Asset pursuant to Section 2.10(b), are obtained, the transfer of the applicable Asset shall be effected in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and/or the applicable Ancillary Agreement.
(e) The Person retaining an Asset due to the deferral of the transfer of such Asset shall not be obligated, in connection with the foregoing, to expend any money unless the necessary funds are advanced by the Person entitled to the Asset, other than reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, attorneys' fees and recording or similar fees, all of which shall be promptly reimbursed by the Person entitled to such Asset.
(a) Each of NCR and Teradata, at the request of any of the others, shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain, or to cause to be obtained, any consent, substitution, approval or amendment required to novate (including with respect to any federal government contract) or assign all obligations under agreements, leases, licenses and other obligations or Liabilities of any nature whatsoever that constitute Teradata Liabilities, or to obtain in writing the unconditional release of all parties to such arrangements other than any member of the Teradata Group, so that, in any such case, Teradata and its Subsidiaries will be solely responsible for such Liabilities; , , that none of NCR or Teradata shall be obligated to pay any consideration therefor to any third party from whom such consents, approvals, substitutions and amendments are requested.
2.11
Novation of Assumed Teradata Liabilities.
provided
however
 
(b) If NCR or Teradata is unable to obtain, or to cause to be obtained, any such required consent, approval, release, substitution or amendment, the applicable member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group, as the case may be, shall continue to be bound by such agreements, leases, licenses and other obligations and, unless not permitted by law or the terms thereof, Teradata shall, as agent or subcontractor for NCR or such other Person, as the case may be, pay, perform and discharge fully all the obligations or other Liabilities of NCR or such other Person, as the case may be, thereunder from and after the date hereof. Teradata shall indemnify each NCR Indemnitee and hold each of them harmless against any Liabilities arising in connection therewith. NCR shall, without further consideration, pay and remit, or cause to be paid or remitted, to Teradata promptly all money, rights and other consideration received by it or any member of its respective Group in respect of such performance (unless any such consideration is an Excluded Asset). If and when any such consent, approval, release, substitution or amendment shall be obtained or such agreement, lease, license or other rights or obligations shall otherwise become assignable or able to be novated, NCR shall thereafter assign, or cause to be assigned, all its rights, obligations and other Liabilities thereunder or any rights or obligations of any member of its Group to Teradata without payment of further consideration and Teradata shall, without the payment of any further consideration, assume such rights and obligations.
(c) To the extent it is not feasible as an administrative or practical manner to implement the provisions of this Section 2.11, NCR or another member of the NCR Group may pay or satisfy the applicable Liability and Teradata or another member of the Teradata Group shall reimburse it to the extent it represents payment for or satisfaction of a Teradata Liability.
(d) Schedule 2.11 to this Agreement sets forth a list of contracts and agreements. Each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to replicate the contracts and agreements to the extent contemplated thereby.
(a) Each of NCR and Teradata, at the request of any of the others, shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain, or to cause to be obtained, any consent, substitution, approval or amendment required to novate or assign all obligations under agreements, leases, licenses and other obligations or Liabilities of any nature whatsoever that do not constitute Teradata Liabilities, or to obtain in writing the unconditional release of all parties to such arrangements other than any member of the NCR Group, so that, in any such case, the members of the NCR Group will be solely responsible for such Liabilities; , , that none of NCR or Teradata shall be obligated to pay any consideration therefor to any third party from whom such consents, approvals, substitutions and amendments are requested.
2.12
Novation of Assumed Liabilities other than Teradata Liabilities.
provided
however
(b) If NCR or Teradata is unable to obtain, or to cause to be obtained, any such required consent, approval, release, substitution or amendment, the applicable member of the Teradata Group shall continue to be bound by such agreements, leases, licenses and other obligations and, unless not permitted by law or the terms thereof, NCR shall cause a member of the NCR Group, as agent or subcontractor for such member of the Teradata Group, to pay, perform and discharge fully all the obligations or other Liabilities of such member of the Teradata Group thereunder from and after the date hereof. NCR shall indemnify each Teradata Indemnitee and hold each of them harmless against any Liabilities arising in connection
 
therewith. Teradata shall cause each member of the Teradata Group without further consideration, to pay and remit, or cause to be paid or remitted, to NCR or to another member of the NCR Group specified by NCR promptly all money, rights and other consideration received by it or any member of the Teradata Group in respect of such performance. If and when any such consent, approval, release, substitution or amendment shall be obtained or such agreement, lease, license or other rights or obligations shall otherwise become assignable or able to be novated, Teradata shall promptly assign, or cause to be assigned, all its rights, obligations and other Liabilities thereunder or any rights or obligations of any member of the Teradata Group to NCR or to another member of the NCR Group specified by NCR without payment of further consideration and NCR, without the payment of any further consideration shall, or shall cause such other member of the NCR Group to, assume such rights and obligations.
(c) To the extent it is not feasible as an administrative or practical manner to implement the provisions of this Section 2.12, Teradata or another member of the Teradata Group may pay or satisfy the applicable Liability and NCR or another member of the NCR Group shall reimburse it to the extent it represents payment for or satisfaction of a Liability of a member of the NCR Group.
(a) Subject to the conditions specified in Section 3.6, NCR and Teradata shall use their reasonable best efforts to consummate the Distribution. Such actions shall include, but not necessarily be limited to, those specified in this Section 3.1 to the extent not taken prior to the date hereof.
3.1
Transactions Prior to the Distribution.
(b) Teradata shall file (if not heretofore filed) the Information Statement, and such amendments or supplements thereto, as may be necessary in order to cause the same to become and remain effective as required by law, including filing such amendments to the Information Statement as may be required by the Commission or federal, state or foreign securities laws. NCR and Teradata shall also cooperate in preparing, filing with the Commission and causing to become effective a registration statement registering the Teradata Common Stock under the Exchange Act, and any registration statements or amendments thereof which are required to reflect the establishment of, or amendments to, any employee benefit and other plans necessary or appropriate in connection with the Separation, the Distribution or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.
As soon as practicable after the date of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall use their reasonable best efforts to satisfy the following conditions prior to the consummation of the Distribution. The NCR Board shall have the sole discretion to determine the date of consummation of the Distribution. The obligations of the parties to consummate the Distribution shall be conditioned on the satisfaction, or waiver by NCR, of the following conditions:
3.2
Conditions Precedent to Consummation of the Distribution.
(a) The Information Statement shall have been filed and declared effective by the Commission, and there shall be no stop-order in effect with respect thereto.
 
(b) Any required actions and filings with regard to state securities and blue sky laws of the United States (and any comparable laws under any foreign jurisdictions) shall have been taken and, where applicable, have become effective or been accepted.
(c) The Teradata Common Stock shall have been accepted for listing on the NYSE, on official notice of issuance.
(d) NCR shall have received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service substantially to the effect that the Distribution, together with certain related transactions, will qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code and such ruling shall be in form and substance satisfactory to NCR in its sole discretion;
(e) NCR shall have received an opinion of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz substantially to the effect that the Distribution, together with certain related transactions, will qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code and such opinion shall be in form and substance satisfactory to NCR in its sole discretion;;
(f) No order, injunction or decree issued by any court or agency of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Separation, the Distribution or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall be in effect.
(g) Such other actions as the parties hereto may reasonably request to be taken prior to the Separation in order to assure the successful completion of the Separation and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been taken.
(h) This Agreement shall not have been terminated.
(i) Any material Governmental Approvals and Consents necessary to consummate the Distribution shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect; and
(j) No other events or developments shall have occurred subsequent to the date hereof that, in the judgment of the Board of Directors of NCR, would result in the Distribution having a material adverse effect on NCR or on the shareholders of NCR.
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of NCR and shall not give rise to or create any duty on the part of NCR or the NCR Board of Directors to waive or not waive any such condition.
(a) Subject to Section 4.3 hereof, on or prior to the Distribution Date, NCR will deliver to the Agent for the benefit of holders of record of NCR
4.1
The Distribution.
 
Common Stock on the Record Date, a single stock certificate, endorsed by NCR in blank, representing all of the outstanding shares of Teradata Common Stock then owned by NCR or any member of the NCR Group, and shall cause the transfer agent for the shares of NCR Common Stock to instruct the Agent to distribute on the Distribution Date the appropriate number of such shares of Teradata Common Stock to each such holder or designated transferee or transferees of such holder.
(b) Each holder of NCR Common Stock on the Record Date (or such holder's designated transferee or transferees) will be entitled to receive in the Distribution a number of shares of Teradata Common Stock equal to the number of shares of NCR Common Stock held by such holder on the Record Date multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Teradata Common Stock beneficially owned by NCR or any other member of the NCR Group on the Record Date and the denominator of which is the number of shares of NCR Common Stock outstanding on the Record Date.
(c) Teradata and NCR, as the case may be, will provide to the Agent all share certificates and any information required in order to complete the Distribution on the basis specified above.
(a) NCR and Teradata shall prepare and mail, prior to the Distribution Date, to the holders of NCR Common Stock, such information concerning Teradata, its business, operations and management, the Distribution and such other matters as NCR shall reasonably determine and as may be required by law. NCR and Teradata will prepare, and Teradata will, to the extent required under applicable law, file with the Commission any such documentation and any requisite no action letters which NCR determines are necessary or desirable to effectuate the Distribution and NCR and Teradata shall each use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary approvals from the Commission with respect thereto as soon as practicable.
4.2
Actions Prior to the Distribution.
(b) NCR and Teradata shall take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate under the securities or blue sky laws of the United States (and any comparable laws under any foreign jurisdiction) in connection with the Distribution.
(c) Teradata shall prepare and file, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to have approved, an application for the listing of the Teradata Common Stock to be distributed in the Distribution on the NYSE, subject to official notice of distribution.
NCR shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine the Distribution Date and all terms of the Distribution, including the form, structure and terms of any transactions and/or offerings to effect the Distribution and the timing of and conditions to the consummation thereof. In addition, NCR may at any time and from time to time until the completion of the Distribution decide to abandon the Distributions or modify or change the terms of the Distribution, including by accelerating or delaying the timing of the consummation of all or part of the Distribution.
4.3
Sole Discretion of NCR
.
 
(a) Except as provided in Section 5.1(c), effective as of the Effective Time, Teradata does hereby, for itself and each other member of the Teradata Group, their respective Affiliates (other than any member of the NCR Group), successors and assigns, and all Persons who at any time prior to the Effective Time have been shareholders, partners, members, directors, officers, agents or employees of any member of the Teradata Group (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), remise, release and forever discharge NCR, the members of the NCR Group, their respective Affiliates (other than any member of the Teradata Group), successors and assigns, and all Persons who at any time prior to the Effective Time have been shareholders, partners, members, directors, officers, agents or employees of any member of the NCR Group (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, from any and all Liabilities whatsoever, whether at law or in equity (including any right of contribution), whether arising under any contract or agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, existing or arising from any acts or events occurring or failing to occur or alleged to have occurred or to have failed to occur or any conditions existing or alleged to have existed on or before the Effective Time, including in connection with the transactions and all other activities to implement any of the Separation and the Distribution.
5.1
Release of Pre-Closing Claims.
(b) Except as provided in Section 5.1(c), effective as of the Effective Time, NCR does hereby, for itself and each other member of the NCR Group, their respective Affiliates (other than any member of the Teradata Group), successors and assigns, and all Persons who at any time prior to the Effective Time have been shareholders, partners, members, directors, officers, agents or employees of any member of the NCR Group (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), remise, release and forever discharge Teradata, the respective members of the Teradata Group, their respective Affiliates (other than any member of the NCR Group), successors and assigns, and all Persons who at any time prior to the Effective Time have been shareholders, partners, members, directors, officers, agents or employees of any member of the Teradata Group (in each case, in their respective capacities as such), and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns, from any and all Liabilities whatsoever, whether at law or in equity (including any right of contribution), whether arising under any contract or agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, existing or arising from any acts or events occurring or failing to occur or alleged to have occurred or to have failed to occur or any conditions existing or alleged to have existed on or before the Effective Time, including in connection with the transactions and all other activities to implement any of the Separation and the Distribution.
(c) Nothing contained in Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall impair any right of any Person to enforce this Agreement (including the indemnification provisions hereof), any Ancillary Agreement or any agreements, arrangements, commitments or understandings that are specified in Section 2.4(b) or the applicable Schedules thereto not to terminate as of the Effective Time, in each case in accordance with its terms. Nothing contained in Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall release any Person from:
 
(i) any Liability provided in or resulting from any agreement among any members of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group that is specified in Section 2.4(b) or the applicable Schedules thereto as not to terminate as of the Effective Time, or any other Liability specified in such Section 2.4(b) as not to terminate as of the Effective Time;
(ii) any Liability, contingent or otherwise, assumed, transferred, assigned or allocated to the Group of which such Person is a member in accordance with, or any other Liability of any member of any Group under, this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement;
(iii) any Liability that the parties may have with respect to indemnification or contribution pursuant to this Agreement for claims brought against the parties by third Persons, which Liability shall be governed by the provisions of this Article V and, if applicable, the appropriate provisions of the Ancillary Agreements; or
(iv) any Liability the release of which would result in the release of any Person other than a Person released pursuant to this Section 5.1; that the parties agree not to bring suit or permit any of their Subsidiaries to bring suit against any Person with respect to any Liability to the extent that such Person would be released with respect to such Liability by this Section 5.1 but for the provisions of this clause (iv).
provided
(d) Teradata shall not make, and shall not permit any member of the Teradata Group to make, any claim or demand, or commence any Action asserting any claim or demand, including any claim of contribution or any indemnification, against NCR or any member of the NCR Group, or any other Person released pursuant to Section 5.1(a), with respect to any Liabilities released pursuant to Section 5.1(a). NCR shall not, and shall not permit any member of the NCR Group, to make any claim or demand, or commence any Action asserting any claim or demand, including any claim of contribution or any indemnification, against Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group, or any other Person released pursuant to Section 5.1(b), with respect to any Liabilities released pursuant to Section 5.1(b).
(e) It is the intent of each of NCR and Teradata by virtue of the provisions of this Section 5.1 to provide for a full and complete release and discharge of all Liabilities existing or arising from all acts and events occurring or failing to occur or alleged to have occurred or to have failed to occur and all conditions existing or alleged to have existed on or before the Effective Time, between or among Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group, on the one hand, and NCR or any member of the NCR Group, on the other hand (including any contractual agreements or arrangements existing or alleged to exist between or among any such members on or before the Effective Time), except as expressly set forth in Section 5.1(c). At any time, at the request of any other party, each party shall cause each member of its respective Group to execute and deliver releases reflecting the provisions hereof.
Teradata shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless NCR, each member of the NCR Group and each of their respective directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (collectively, the "NCR Indemnitees"), from and against any and all Liabilities of the
5.2
Indemnification by Teradata.
 
NCR Indemnitees relating to, arising out of or resulting from any of the following items (without duplication):
(a) the failure of Teradata or any other member of the Teradata Group or any other Person to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any Teradata Liabilities or Teradata Contract in accordance with their respective terms, whether prior to or after the Effective Time or the date hereof;
(b) the Teradata Business, any Teradata Liability or any Teradata Contract or any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any of the foregoing;
(c) any breach by Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements (except to the extent any Ancillary Agreement contains an express provision on the limitation of liability); and
(d) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to all information contained in any Information Statement or any other Disclosure Document.
NCR shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Teradata, each member of the Teradata Group and each of their respective directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Teradata Indemnitees"), from and against any and all Liabilities of the Teradata Indemnitees relating to, arising out of or resulting from any of the following items (without duplication):
5.3
Indemnification by NCR.
(a) the failure of NCR or any other member of the NCR Group or any other Person to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any Liabilities of the NCR Group other than the Teradata Liabilities, whether prior to or after the Effective Time or the date hereof;
(b) the NCR Self-Services Business or any Liability of the NCR Group other than the Teradata Liabilities or any action taken or omitted to be taken in connection with any of the foregoing; and
(c) any breach by NCR or any member of the NCR Group of this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements (except to the extent any Ancillary Agreement contains an express provision on the limitation of liability).
(a) The parties intend that any Liability subject to indemnification or reimbursement pursuant to this Article V will be net of Insurance Proceeds applicable to the Liability. Accordingly, the amount which any party (an "Indemnifying Party") is required to pay to any Person entitled to indemnification hereunder (an "Indemnitee") will be reduced by any Insurance Proceeds theretofore actually recovered by or on behalf of the Indemnitee in reduction of the related Liability. If an Indemnitee receives a payment (an "Indemnity Payment") required by this Agreement from an Indemnifying Party in respect of any Liability and subsequently receives
5.4
Indemnification Obligations Net of Insurance Proceeds and Other Amounts.
 
Insurance Proceeds, then the Indemnitee will pay to the Indemnifying Party an amount equal to the excess of the Indemnity Payment received over the amount of the Indemnity Payment that would have been due if the Insurance Proceeds recovery had been received, realized or recovered before the Indemnity Payment was made.
(b) An insurer who would otherwise be obligated to pay any claim shall not be relieved of the responsibility with respect thereto or, solely by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof, have any subrogation rights with respect thereto, it being expressly understood and agreed that no insurer or any other third party shall be entitled to a "windfall" (, a benefit they would not be entitled to receive in the absence of the indemnification provisions) by virtue of the indemnification provisions hereof. Nothing contained in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall obligate any member of any Group to seek to collect or recover any Insurance Proceeds.
i.e.
(a) If an Indemnitee shall receive notice or otherwise learn of the assertion by a Person (including any Governmental Authority) who is not a member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group of any claim or of the commencement by any such Person of any Action (collectively, a "Third Party Claim") with respect to which an Indemnifying Party may be obligated to provide indemnification to such Indemnitee pursuant to Section 5.2 or 5.3, or any other Section of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, such Indemnitee shall give such Indemnifying Party written notice thereof within 20 days after becoming aware of such Third Party Claim. Any such notice shall describe the Third Party Claim in reasonable detail. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of any Indemnitee or other Person to give notice as provided in this Section 5.5(a) shall not relieve the related Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Article V, except to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice.
5.5
Procedures for Indemnification of Third Party Claims.
(b) An Indemnifying Party may elect to defend (and, unless the Indemnifying Party has specified any reservations or exceptions, to seek to settle or compromise), at such Indemnifying Party's own expense and by such Indemnifying Party's own counsel, any Third Party Claim. Within 30 days after the receipt of notice from an Indemnitee in accordance with Section 5.5(a) (or sooner, if the nature of such Third Party Claim so requires), the Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnitee of its election whether the Indemnifying Party will assume responsibility for defending such Third Party Claim, which election shall specify any reservations or exceptions. After notice from an Indemnifying Party to an Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of a Third Party Claim, such Indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) the defense, compromise, or settlement thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be the expense of such Indemnitee except as set forth in the next sentence. In the event that the Indemnifying Party has elected to assume the defense of the Third Party Claim but has specified, and continues to assert, any reservations or exceptions in such notice, then, in any such case, the reasonable fees and expenses of one separate counsel for all Indemnitees shall be borne by the Indemnifying Party.
(c) If an Indemnifying Party elects not to assume responsibility for defending a Third Party Claim, or fails to notify an Indemnitee of its election as provided in Section 5.5(d), such Indemnitee may defend such Third Party Claim at the cost and expense (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel) of the Indemnifying Party.
 
(d) Unless the Indemnifying Party has failed to assume the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, no Indemnitee may settle or compromise any Third Party Claim without the consent of the Indemnifying Party.
(e) In the case of a Third Party Claim, no Indemnifying Party shall consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement of the Third Party Claim without the consent of the Indemnitee if the effect thereof is to permit any injunction, declaratory judgment, other order or other nonmonetary relief to be entered, directly or indirectly, against any Indemnitee.
(f) The provisions of Section 5.5 (other than this Section 5.5(f)) and Section 5.6 shall not apply to Taxes (which are covered by the Tax Sharing Agreement).
(g) Schedule 5.5(g) sets forth certain additional rights and obligations of the parties with respect to the category of claims specified thereon.
(a) Any claim on account of a Liability which does not result from a Third Party Claim shall be asserted by written notice given by the Indemnitee to the related Indemnifying Party. Such Indemnifying Party shall have a period of 30 days after the receipt of such notice within which to respond thereto. If such Indemnifying Party does not respond within such 30-day period, such Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to have refused to accept responsibility to make payment. If such Indemnifying Party does not respond within such 30-day period or rejects such claim in whole or in part, such Indemnitee shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to such party as contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.
5.6
Additional Matters
.
(b) In the event of payment by or on behalf of any Indemnifying Party to or on behalf of any Indemnitee in connection with any Third Party Claim, such Indemnifying Party shall be subrogated to and shall stand in the place of such Indemnitee as to any events or circumstances in respect of which such Indemnitee may have any right, defense or claim relating to such Third Party Claim against any claimant or plaintiff asserting such Third Party Claim or against any other person. Such Indemnitee shall cooperate with such Indemnifying Party in a reasonable manner, and at the cost and expense (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel) of such Indemnifying Party, in prosecuting any subrogated right, defense or claim.
(c) In the event of an Action in which the Indemnifying Party is not a named defendant, if the Indemnifying Party shall so request, the parties shall endeavor to substitute the Indemnifying Party for the named defendant if at all practicable. If such substitution or addition cannot be achieved for any reason or is not requested, the named defendant shall allow the Indemnifying Party to manage the Action as set forth in this Section and the Indemnifying Party shall fully indemnify the named defendant against all costs of defending the Action (including court costs, sanctions imposed by a court, attorneys' fees, experts' fees and all other external expenses, and the allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel), the costs of any judgment or settlement, and the cost of any interest or penalties relating to any judgment or settlement.
 
(d) The indemnity obligations of this Article V shall apply as between the members of the NCR Group, on the one hand, and the Teradata Group, on the other hand, notwithstanding any contrary provision in any contract or agreement or other document with a third party allocating Liability in a different manner in order to obtain the consent of such third party to an assignment, novation or replication of a contract or agreement.
The remedies provided in this Article V shall be cumulative and, subject to the provisions of Article VIII, shall not preclude assertion by any Indemnitee of any other rights or the seeking of any and all other remedies against any Indemnifying Party.
5.7
Remedies Cumulative.
5.8 Survival of Indemnities.
(a) The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Article V shall remain operative and in full force and effect, regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Indemnitee; (ii) the knowledge by the Indemnitee of Indemnifiable Losses for which it might be entitled to indemnification or contribution hereunder; and (iii) any termination of this Agreement.
(b) The rights and obligations of each Party and their respective Indemnitees under this Article V shall survive the sale or other Transfer by any Party or its respective Subsidiaries of any Assets or businesses or the assignment by it of any Liabilities.
5.9 Limitation on Liability
Except as may expressly be set forth in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, neither NCR nor Teradata nor any member of either Group shall in any event have any Liability to the other nor to any member of the other's Group for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not caused by or resulting from negligence or breach of obligations hereunder or under any Ancillary Agreement and whether or not informed of the possibility of the existence of such damages, that the limitation in this Section 5.9 shall not apply to an Indemnitor's indemnification obligations hereunder or in any Ancillary Agreement with respect to any Liability any Indemnitee may have to any third party not affiliated with any member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages.
provided however
(a) NCR and Teradata agree to cooperate in good faith to provide for an orderly transition of insurance coverage from the date hereof through the Distribution Date and for the treatment of any Insurance Policies that will remain in effect following the Effective Time on a mutually agreeable basis, in each case subject to the terms and conditions hereof. In no event shall NCR, any other member of the NCR Group or any NCR Indemnitee or Teradata Indemnitee have liability or obligation whatsoever to any member of the Teradata Group in the event that any Insurance Policy or other contract or policy of insurance shall be terminated or otherwise cease to be in effect for any reason, shall be unavailable or
6.1
Insurance Matters.
 
inadequate to cover any Liability of any member of the Teradata Group for any reason whatsoever or shall not be renewed or extended beyond the current expiration date.
(b) (i) Except as otherwise provided in any Ancillary Agreement, the parties intend by this Agreement that Teradata and each other member of the Teradata Group be successors-in-interest to all rights that any member of the Teradata Group may have as of the Effective Time as a subsidiary, affiliate, division or department of NCR prior to the Effective Time under any policy of insurance issued to NCR by any insurance carrier unaffiliated with NCR or under any agreements related to such policies executed and delivered prior to the Effective Time, including any rights such member of the Teradata Group may have, as an insured or additional named insured, subsidiary, affiliate, division or department, to avail itself of any such policy of insurance or any such agreements related to such policies as in effect prior to the Effective Time. At the request of Teradata, NCR shall take all reasonable steps, including the execution and delivery of any instruments, to effect the foregoing; that NCR shall not be required to pay any amounts, waive any rights or incur any Liabilities in connection therewith.
provided however
(ii) Except as otherwise contemplated by any Ancillary Agreement, after the Effective Time, none of NCR or Teradata or any member of their respective Groups shall, without the consent of the other, provide any such insurance carrier with a release, or amend, modify or waive any rights under any such policy or agreement, if such release, amendment, modification or waiver would adversely affect any rights or potential rights of any member of the other Group thereunder; , , that the foregoing shall not (A) preclude any member of any Group from presenting any claim or from impairing or exhausting any policy limit through actual loss payments, (B) require any member of any Group to pay any premium or other amount or to incur any Liability, or (C) require any member of any Group to renew, extend or continue any policy in force. Each of Teradata and NCR will share such information as is reasonably necessary in order to permit the other to manage and conduct its insurance matters in an orderly fashion.
provided
however
(c) This Agreement shall not be considered as an attempted assignment of any interest under a policy of insurance or as a contract of insurance and shall not be construed to waive any right or remedy of any member of the NCR Group in respect of any Insurance Policy or any other contract or policy of insurance.
(d) Teradata does hereby, for itself and each other member of the Teradata Group, agree that no member of the NCR Group or any NCR Indemnitee or Teradata Indemnitee shall have any Liability whatsoever as a result of the insurance policies and practices of NCR and its Affiliates as in effect at any time prior to the Effective Time, including as a result of the level or scope of any such insurance, the creditworthiness of any insurance carrier, the terms and conditions of any policy, the adequacy or timeliness of any notice to any insurance carrier with respect to any claim or potential claim or otherwise.
(e) Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to restrict any member of the Teradata Group from acquiring at its own expense any other insurance policy in respect of any Liabilities or covering any period.
 
(f) Additional provisions with respect to insurance matters, including the allocation of any deductibles or policy limits are set forth on Schedule 6.1 hereto.
(a) No member of any Group shall have any duty to refrain from (i) engaging in the same or similar activities or lines of business as any member of any other Group, (ii) doing business with any potential or actual supplier or customer of any member of any other Group, or (iii) engaging in, or refraining from, any other activities whatsoever relating to any of the potential or actual suppliers or customers of any member of any other Group.
6.2
Certain Business Matters.
(b) Each of NCR and Teradata is aware that from time to time certain business opportunities may arise which more than one Group may be financially able to undertake, and which are, from their nature, in the line of more than one Group's business and are of practical advantage to more than one Group. In connection therewith, the parties agree that if either NCR or Teradata acquires knowledge of an opportunity that meets the foregoing standard with respect to more than one Group, neither NCR or Teradata shall have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to any of the others and may pursue or acquire such opportunity for itself, or direct such opportunity to any other Person.
Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement or in any Ancillary Agreement, any amount not paid when due pursuant to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement (and any amounts billed or otherwise invoiced or demanded and properly payable that are not paid within 45 days of such bill, invoice or other demand) shall accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the Prime Rate plus 2%.
6.3
Late Payments.
(a) Each of NCR and Teradata, on behalf of its respective Group, agrees to provide, or cause to be provided, to each other Group, at any time before or after the Distribution Date, as soon as reasonably practicable after written request therefor, any Information in the possession or under the control of such respective Group which the requesting party reasonably needs (i) to comply with reporting, disclosure, filing or other requirements imposed on the requesting party (including under applicable securities laws) by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the requesting party, (ii) for use in any other judicial, regulatory, administrative or other proceeding or in order to satisfy audit, accounting, claims, regulatory, litigation or other similar requirements, or (iii) to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement; , , that in the event that any party determines that any such provision of Information could be commercially detrimental, violate any law or agreement, or waive any attorney-client privilege or work-product immunity, the parties shall take all reasonable measures to permit the compliance with such obligations in a manner that avoids any such harm or consequence.
7.1
Agreement for Exchange of Information; Archives.
provided
however
(b) After the date hereof, (i) each of NCR and Teradata shall maintain in effect at its own cost and expense adequate systems and controls to the extent necessary to enable the members of the Teradata Group and the NCR Group, respectively, to satisfy their
 
respective reporting, accounting, audit and other obligations, and (ii) each of NCR and Teradata shall provide, or cause to be provided, to the other in such form as the other shall request, at no charge to the other party (except as may otherwise be specified in an Ancillary Agreement), all financial and other data and information as the other party determines necessary or advisable in order to prepare its financial statements, SEC filings and reports or filings with any Governmental Authority.
Any Information owned by one Group that is provided to a requesting party pursuant to Section 7.1 shall be deemed to remain the property of the providing party. Unless specifically set forth herein, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring rights of license or otherwise in any such Information.
7.2
Ownership of Information.
The party requesting such Information agrees to reimburse the other party for the reasonable costs, if any, of creating, gathering and copying such Information, to the extent that such costs are incurred for the benefit of the requesting party. Except as may be otherwise specifically provided elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other agreement between the parties, such costs shall be computed in accordance with the providing party's standard methodology and procedures.
7.3
Compensation for Providing Information.
To facilitate the possible exchange of Information pursuant to this Article VII and other provisions of this Agreement after the Distribution Date, the parties agree to use their reasonable best efforts to retain all Information in their respective possession or control on the Distribution Date in accordance with the policies of NCR as in effect on the Effective Time. No party will knowingly destroy, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to destroy, any Information which the other party may have the right to obtain pursuant to this Agreement prior to the later of (a) the first anniversary of the date hereof and (b) the applicable retention period set forth in such policies without first using its reasonable best efforts to notify the other party of the proposed destruction and giving the other party the opportunity to take possession of such information prior to such destruction; , , that in the case of any Information relating to Environmental Liabilities, such period shall be extended to the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations (giving effect to any extensions thereof). The provisions of this Section 7.4 shall not apply to Taxes or any Information relating thereto, all of which shall be governed by the Tax Matters Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Article VII shall require either party to retain electronic mail beyond the periods specified in relevant corporate policies, unless such electronic mail is subject, by virtue of its content, to other specific records retention provisions, or is subject to a litigation hold or document retention notice, or is otherwise known by its custodian to relate to a pending or threatened legal claim.
7.4
Record Retention.
provided
however
No party shall have any liability to any other party in the event that any Information exchanged or provided pursuant to this Agreement which is an estimate or forecast, or which is based on an estimate or forecast, is found to be inaccurate or in the event such Information is destroyed in contravention of applicable records retention policies or contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, in each case, in the absence of willful misconduct by the party providing such Information.
7.5
Limitation of Liability.
 
The rights and obligations granted under this Article VII are subject to any specific limitations, qualifications or additional provisions on the sharing, exchange or confidential treatment of Information set forth in any Ancillary Agreement.
7.6
Other Agreements Providing for Exchange of Information.
(a) After the Effective Time, except in the case of an adversarial Action by one party against another party (which shall be governed by such discovery rules as may be applicable under Article VIII or otherwise), each party hereto shall use its reasonable best efforts to make available to each other party, upon written request, the former, current and future directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents of the members of its respective Group as witnesses and any books, records or other documents within its control or which it otherwise has the ability to make available, to the extent that any such person (giving consideration to business demands of such directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents) or books, records or other documents may reasonably be required in connection with any Action in which the requesting party may from time to time be involved, regardless of whether such Action is a matter with respect to which indemnification may be sought hereunder. The requesting party shall bear all costs and expenses (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and other personnel) in connection therewith.
7.7
Production of Witnesses; Records; Cooperation.
(b) If an Indemnifying Party chooses to defend or to seek to compromise or settle any Third Party Claim, the other parties shall make available to such Indemnifying Party, upon written request, the former, current and future directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents of the members of its respective Group as witnesses and any books, records or other documents within its control or which it otherwise has the ability to make available, to the extent that any such person (giving consideration to business demands of such directors, officers, employees, other personnel and agents) or books, records or other documents may reasonably be required in connection with such defense, settlement or compromise, or such prosecution, evaluation or pursuit, as the case may be, and shall otherwise cooperate in such defense, settlement or compromise, or such prosecution, evaluation or pursuit, as the case may be.
(c) Without limiting any provision of this Section, each of the parties agrees to cooperate, and to cause each member of its respective Group to cooperate, with each other in the defense of any infringement or similar claim with respect any intellectual property and shall not claim to acknowledge, or permit any member of its respective Group to claim to acknowledge, the validity or infringing use of any intellectual property of a third Person in a manner that would hamper or undermine the defense of such infringement or similar claim.
(d) The obligation of the parties to provide witnesses pursuant to this Section 7.7 is intended to be interpreted in a manner so as to facilitate cooperation and shall include the obligation to provide as witnesses inventors and other officers without regard to whether the witness or the employer of the witness could assert a possible business conflict (subject to the exception set forth in the first sentence of Section 7.7(a)).
(e) In connection with any matter contemplated by this Section 7.7, the parties will enter into a mutually acceptable joint defense agreement so as to maintain to the extent
 
practicable any applicable attorney-client privilege or work product immunity of any member of any Group.
(a) Subject to Article VIII, each of NCR and Teradata, on behalf of itself and each member of its respective Group, agrees to hold, and to cause its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, accountants, counsel and other advisors and representatives to hold, in strict confidence, with at least the same degree of care that applies to NCR's confidential and proprietary information pursuant to policies in effect as of the Effective Time, all Information concerning each such other Group that is either in its possession (including Information in its possession prior to any of the date hereof, the Effective Time or the Distribution Date) or furnished by any such other Group or its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, accountants, counsel and other advisors and representatives at any time pursuant to this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or otherwise, and shall not use any such Information other than for such purposes as shall be expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, except, in each case, to the extent that such Information has been (i) in the public domain through no fault of such party or any member of such Group or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, accountants, counsel and other advisors and representatives, (ii) later lawfully acquired from other sources by such party (or any member of such party's Group) which sources are not themselves bound by a confidentiality obligation), or (iii) independently generated without reference to any proprietary or confidential Information of the other party.
7.8
Confidentiality.
(b) Each party agrees not to release or disclose, or permit to be released or disclosed, any such Information to any other Person, except its directors, officers, employees, agents, accountants, counsel and other advisors and representatives who need to know such Information (who shall be advised of their obligations hereunder with respect to such Information), except in compliance with Section 7.9. Without limiting the foregoing, when any Information is no longer needed for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, each party will promptly after request of the other party either return to the other party all Information in a tangible form (including all copies thereof and all notes, extracts or summaries based thereon) or certify to the other party that it has destroyed such Information (and such copies thereof and such notes, extracts or summaries based thereon).
(c) Notwithstanding Section 7.9(a) or (b), any express provision of any Ancillary Agreement providing for a shorter or longer period of survival of confidentiality obligations shall be given effect.
In the event that any party or any member of its Group either determines on the advice of its counsel that it is required to disclose any Information pursuant to applicable law or receives any demand under lawful process or from any Governmental Authority to disclose or provide Information of any other party (or any member of any other party's Group) that is subject to the confidentiality provisions hereof, such party shall notify the other party prior to disclosing or providing such Information and shall cooperate at the expense of the requesting party in seeking any reasonable protective arrangements requested by such other party. Subject to the foregoing, the Person that received such request may thereafter disclose or provide Information to the extent required by such law (as so advised by counsel) or by lawful process or such Governmental Authority.
7.9
Protective Arrangements.
 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in any Ancillary Agreement, in a Schedule hereto or thereto or in Section 8.11, the procedures for discussion, negotiation and arbitration set forth in this Article VIII shall apply to all disputes, controversies or claims (whether sounding in contract, tort or otherwise) that may arise out of or relate to, or arise under or in connection with this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including all actions taken in furtherance of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby on or prior to the date hereof), or the commercial or economic relationship of the parties relating hereto or thereto, between or among any member of the NCR Group and the Teradata Group (collectively, the "Covered Matters"). Except as expressly set forth in any Ancillary Agreement or in a Schedule hereto or thereto (which shall govern to the extent, if any, set forth therein), ach party agrees on behalf of itself and each member of its respective Group that the procedures set forth in this Article VIII shall be the sole and exclusive remedy in connection with any dispute, controversy or claim relating to any of the foregoing matters and irrevocably waives any right to commence any Action in or before any Governmental Authority, except as expressly provided in Sections 8.7(b) and 8.8 and except to the extent provided under the Arbitration Act in the case of judicial review of arbitration results or awards and/or to enforce arbitrability. Each party on behalf of itself and each member of its respective Group irrevocably waives any right to any trial by jury with respect to any claim, controversy or dispute set forth in the first sentence of this Section 8.1.
8.1
Agreement to Arbitrate.
(a) It is the intent of the parties to use their respective reasonable best efforts to resolve expeditiously any dispute, controversy or claim between or among them with respect to the matters covered hereby that may arise from time to time on a mutually acceptable negotiated basis. In furtherance of the foregoing, any party involved in a dispute, controversy or claim may (but shall not be required to) deliver a notice (an "Escalation Notice") demanding an in person meeting involving representatives of the parties at a senior level of management of the parties (or if the parties agree, of the appropriate strategic business unit or division within such entity). A copy of any such Escalation Notice shall be given to the General Counsel, or like officer or official, of each party involved in the dispute, controversy or claim (which copy shall state that it is an Escalation Notice pursuant to this Agreement). Any agenda, location or procedures for such discussions or negotiations between the parties may be established by the parties from time to time; , , that the parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to meet within 30 days of the Escalation Notice. Neither the decision not to deliver any Escalation Notice nor the failure of the parties to meet or to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim within such 30 day period shall limit any other right of any party hereunder, including any right to demand mediation and arbitration.
8.2
Escalation.
provided
however
(b) At any time and in any event at least 45 days prior to the delivery of an Arbitration Demand Notice pursuant to Section 8.3, either party may deliver a notice to the other party requesting mediation of any dispute, controversy or claim that may arise out of or relate to, or arise under or in connection with any Covered Matter (a "Mediation Notice"). In such event, the parties shall retain a mediator to aid the parties in their discussions and negotiations by informally providing advice to the parties. The mediator may be chosen from a list of mediators
 
candidates previously selected by the parties or by other agreement of the parties. In the event that the parties are unable to agree on a mediator within 15 days after delivery of a Mediation Notice, either party may request that JAMS appoint an independent mediator from the JAMS panel of neutrals located in New York, NY. The parties will cooperate with JAMS and with one another in selecting a mediator from JAMS panel of neutrals, and in promptly scheduling the mediation proceedings. Any opinion expressed by the mediator shall be strictly advisory and shall not be binding on the parties, nor shall any opinion expressed by the mediator be admissible in any arbitration proceedings. All offers, promises, conduct and statements, whether oral or written, made in the course of the mediation by any of the parties, their agents, employees, experts and attorneys, and by the mediator or any JAMS employees, are confidential, privileged and inadmissible for any purpose, subject to protections afforded to compromise discussions under Federal Rule of Evidence 408 and applicable state and local law corollaries, including impeachment, in any arbitration or other proceeding involving the parties, provided that evidence that is otherwise admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its use in the mediation. If the dispute is not resolved within 30 days of delivery of a Mediation Notice (or such later date as the parties may mutually agree in writing), the administration of the arbitration, if any, may proceed forthwith. The mediation may continue, if all the parties so agree, after the appointment of the arbitrator. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, the mediator shall be disqualified from serving as arbitrator in the case. The pendency of a mediation shall not preclude a party from seeking provisional remedies in aid of the arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, and the parties agree not to defend against any application for provisional relief on the ground that a mediation is pending. Costs of the mediation shall be borne equally by the parties involved in the matter, except that each party shall be responsible for its own attorneys' fees, costs and expenses. Mediation is a prerequisite to a demand for arbitration under Section 8.3 and no such demand may be made until at least 45 days after delivery of a Mediation Notice with respect to the applicable matter.
(a) At any time after 45 days after the delivery of a Mediation Notice (as applicable, the "Arbitration Demand Date"), any party involved in the dispute, controversy or claim (regardless of whether such party delivered the Mediation Notice) may, unless the Applicable Deadline has occurred, make a written demand (the "Arbitration Demand Notice") that the dispute be resolved by binding arbitration, which Arbitration Demand Notice shall be given to the parties to the dispute, controversy or claim in the manner set forth in Section 11.5. In the event that any party shall deliver an Arbitration Demand Notice to another party, such other party may itself deliver an Arbitration Demand Notice to such first party with respect to any related dispute, controversy or claim with respect to which the Applicable Deadline has not passed without the requirement of delivering a Mediation Notice. No party may assert that the failure to resolve any matter during any discussions, negotiations or mediation, the course of conduct during the discussions, negotiations or mediation or the failure to agree on a mutually acceptable time, agenda, location or procedures for the meeting, in each case, as contemplated by Section 8.2, is a prerequisite to a demand for arbitration under Section 8.3.
8.3
Demand for Arbitration.
(b) Except as may be expressly provided in any Ancillary Agreement, any Arbitration Demand Notice may be given until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations under applicable law (as applicable and as it may in a particular case be specifically extended by the parties in writing, the "Applicable Deadline"). Any discussions, negotiations or
 
mediations between the parties pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise will not toll the Applicable Deadline unless expressly agreed in writing by the parties. Each of the parties agrees on behalf of itself and each member of its Group that if an Arbitration Demand Notice with respect to a dispute, controversy or claim is not given prior to the expiration of the Applicable Deadline, as between or among the parties and the members of their Groups, such dispute, controversy or claim will be barred. Subject to Sections 8.7(d) and 8.8, upon delivery of an Arbitration Demand Notice pursuant to Section 8.3(a) prior to the Applicable Deadline, the dispute, controversy or claim shall be decided by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the rules set forth in this Article VIII.
(a) Within 15 days after a valid Arbitration Demand Notice is given, the parties involved in the dispute, controversy or claim referenced therein shall attempt to select as a sole arbitrator either an individual from a list previously agreed to by the parties or a retired judge from the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York satisfactory to all such parties.
8.4
Arbitrators.
(b) In the event that such parties are not able jointly to select a sole arbitrator within such 15-day period, any party may request that JAMS appoint an independent retired judge from the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as a sole arbitrator. In the event that JAMS is unable to appoint such an individual as an arbitrator within a 15-day period after any such request, JAMS shall appoint an independent arbitrator from its New York panel of neutrals.
(c) Any arbitrator selected pursuant to this Section 8.4 shall be disinterested with respect to any of the parties and the matter and shall be reasonably competent in the applicable subject matter.
(d) The sole arbitrator selected pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above will set a time for the hearing of the matter which will commence no later than 90 days after the date of appointment of the sole arbitrator and which hearing will be no longer than 30 days (unless (I) in the judgment of the arbitrator the matter is unusually complex and sophisticated and thereby requires a longer time, in which event such hearing shall be no longer than 90 days or (II) the parties involved in the arbitration agree in writing to a different time frame for the hearing). The final decision of such arbitrator will be rendered in writing to the parties not later than 60 days after the last hearing date, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing.
(e) The place of any arbitration hereunder will be New York, New York, unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing.
Within the time period specified in Section 8.4(d), the matter shall be presented to the arbitrator at a hearing by means of written submissions of memoranda and verified witness statements, filed simultaneously, and responses, if necessary in the judgment of the arbitrator or both the parties. If the arbitrator deems it to be advisable to a fair resolution of the dispute, live cross-examination or direct examination may be permitted. The arbitrator shall actively manage the arbitration with a view to achieving a just, speedy and cost-effective resolution of the dispute, claim or controversy. The arbitrator may, in his or her discretion, set time and other limits on the presentation of each party's case, its memoranda or
8.5
Hearings.
 
other submissions, and refuse to receive any proffered evidence, which the arbitrator, in his or her discretion, finds to be cumulative, unnecessary, irrelevant or of low probative nature. Except as otherwise set forth herein, any arbitration hereunder will be conducted in accordance with the JAMS Rules for Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures then prevailing (except that the arbitration will not be conducted under the auspices of JAMS and the fee schedule of JAMS will not apply, unless the parties involved in the arbitration otherwise agree in writing). Except as expressly set forth in Section 8.8(b), the decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties, and judgment thereon may be had and will be enforceable in any court having jurisdiction over the parties. Arbitration awards will bear interest at an annual rate of the Prime Rate plus 2% per annum commencing on the 30
th
day after the date of the issuance of the award. To the extent that the provisions of this Agreement and the prevailing rules of the JAMS conflict, the provisions of this Agreement shall govern.
(a) Any party involved in the applicable dispute may request discovery in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil Procedures. The arbitrator shall have the power to issue subpoenas to compel the production of documents or testimony relevant to the dispute, controversy or claim and may limit discovery in his or her discretion, or upon motion by a party with an opportunity to be heard by any other parties.
8.6
Discovery and Certain Other Matters.
(b) The arbitrator shall have full power and authority to determine issues of arbitrability but shall otherwise be limited to interpreting or construing the applicable provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, and will have no authority or power to limit, expand, alter, amend, modify, revoke or suspend any condition or provision of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement; it being understood, however, that the arbitrator will have full authority to implement the provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, and to fashion appropriate remedies for breaches of this Agreement (including interim or permanent injunctive relief); that the arbitrator shall not have (i) any authority in excess of the authority a court having jurisdiction over the parties and the controversy or dispute would have absent these arbitration provisions or (ii) any right or power to award any incidental, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages. (unless the same are expressly provided for in this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, whether in provisions for indemnification or otherwise) that the limitation in this clause (ii) shall not apply to an Indemnitor's indemnification obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement with respect to any Liability any Indemnitee may have to any third party not affiliated with any member of the NCR Group or the Teradata Group for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages. It is the intention of the parties that in rendering a decision the arbitrator give effect to the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and follow applicable law (it being understood and agreed that this sentence shall not give rise to a right of judicial review of the arbitrator's award).
provided
provided however
(c) If a party fails or refuses to appear at and participate in an arbitration hearing after due notice, the arbitrator may hear and determine the controversy upon evidence produced by the appearing party.
(d) Arbitration costs and arbitrator compensation will be borne equally by each party involved in the matter, except that each party will be responsible for its own
 
attorney's fees and other costs and expenses, including the costs of witnesses selected by such party.
(a) Unless either party shall, prior to the closing of the arbitration hearing, request a supplemental written opinion, which the arbitrator in his or her discretion may grant or refuse, any arbitration award shall be a bare award limited to a holding for or against a party and shall be without findings as to facts, issues or conclusions of law (including with respect to any matters relating to the validity or infringement of patents or patent applications) and shall be without a statement of the reasoning on which the award rests, but must be in adequate form so that a judgment of a court may be entered thereupon. Judgment upon any arbitration award hereunder may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. To the extent that a supplemental written opinion is requested as set forth above and is provided by the arbitrator, then such shall be separate and apart from the remainder of the bare arbitration award itself, and shall not be considered part of the award and shall be deemed merely advisory unless the amount of the award exceeds $25 million and further judicial review of the award is sought as set forth below in this Article.
8.7 Certain Additional Matters.
(b) Prior to the time at which an arbitrator is appointed pursuant to Section 8.4, any party may seek one or more temporary restraining orders in a court of competent jurisdiction if necessary in order to preserve and protect the status quo. Neither the request for, or grant or denial of, any such temporary restraining order shall be deemed a waiver of the obligation to arbitrate as set forth herein and the arbitrator may dissolve, continue or modify any such order. Any such temporary restraining order shall remain in effect until the first to occur of the expiration of the order in accordance with its terms or the dissolution thereof by the arbitrator.
(c) Except as required by law, the parties shall hold, and shall cause their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and other representatives to hold, the existence, content and result of any mediations and arbitrations hereunder in confidence in accordance with the provisions of Article VIII, except as may be required in order to challenge, enforce or seek other judicial review of any award. Each of the parties shall request that any mediator or arbitrator comply with such confidentiality requirement.
(d) In the event that at any time the sole arbitrator shall fail to serve as an arbitrator for any reason, the parties shall select a new arbitrator who shall be disinterested as to the parties and the matter in accordance with the procedures set forth herein for the selection of the initial arbitrator. The extent, if any, to which testimony previously given shall be repeated or as to which the replacement arbitrator elects to rely on the stenographic record (if there is one) of such testimony shall be determined by the replacement arbitrator.
(a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event that any party reasonably determines the amount in controversy in any dispute, controversy or claim (or any series of related disputes, controversies or claims) under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement is, or is reasonably likely to be, in excess of $25 million and if such party desires to commence an Action in lieu of complying with the arbitration provisions of this Article, such party shall so state in its Arbitration Demand Notice. If the other parties to the arbitration do not agree that the amount in controversy in such dispute, controversy
8.8
Limited Court Actions.
 
or claim (or such series of related disputes, controversies or claims) is, or is reasonably likely to be, in excess of $25 million, the arbitrator selected pursuant to Section 8.4 hereof shall decide whether the amount in controversy in such dispute, controversy or claim (or such series of related disputes, controversies or claims) is, or is reasonably likely to be, in excess of $25 million. The arbitrator shall set a date that is no later than ten days after the date of his or her appointment for submissions by the parties with respect to such issue. There shall not be any discovery in connection with such issue. The arbitrator shall render his or her decision on such issue within five days of such date so set by the arbitrator. In the event that the arbitrator determines that the amount in controversy in such dispute, controversy or claim (or such series of related disputes, controversies or claims) is or is reasonably likely to be in excess of $25 million, any party to the arbitration may elect, within 30 days after such determination by the arbitrator, in lieu of arbitration, to commence an Action with respect to such dispute, controversy or claim (or such series of related disputes, controversies or claims) in any court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator does not so determine, or if a party does not elect to initiate an Action within 30 days after such determination by the arbitrator, the provisions of this Article (including with respect to time periods) shall apply as if no determinations were sought or made pursuant to this Section 8.8(a). All Applicable Deadlines shall be tolled from the date of submission of the Arbitration Demand Notice under this Section 8.8(a), until and through the close of the thirtieth day after the Arbitrator's determination under this Section 8.8(a).
(b) In the event that an arbitration award in excess of $25 million is issued in any arbitration proceeding commenced hereunder, any party may, within 60 days after the date of such award, submit the dispute, controversy or claim (or series of related disputes, controversies or claims) giving rise thereto to a court of competent jurisdiction, regardless of whether such party or any other party sought to commence an Action in lieu of proceeding with arbitration in accordance with Section 8.8(a). In such event, the applicable court may elect to rely on the record developed in the arbitration or, if it determines that it would be advisable in connection with the matter, allow the parties to seek additional discovery and/or to present additional evidence. Each party shall be entitled to present arguments to the court with respect to whether any such additional discovery and/or evidence shall be permitted and with respect to all other matters relating to the applicable dispute, controversy or claim (or series of related disputes, controversies or claims). Provided review is sought within such 60-day period, all Applicable Deadlines shall be deemed to have been tolled as of the initial submission of the Arbitration Demand Notice under Section 8.3.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the parties will continue to provide service and honor all other commitments under this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement during the course of dispute resolution pursuant to the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to all matters not subject to such dispute, controversy or claim.
8.9
Continuity of Service and Performance.
The interpretation of the provisions of this Article, only insofar as they relate to the agreement to arbitrate and any procedures pursuant thereto, shall be governed by the Arbitration Act and other applicable federal law. In all other respects, the interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed as set forth in Section 11.2.
8.10
Law Governing Arbitration Procedures.
 
The provisions of this Article VIII shall not apply to disputes, claims or controversies relating to Taxes other than High-Level Disputes (as defined in the Tax Sharing Agreement) to which it shall apply, to the extent and subject to the terms and conditions of the Tax Sharing Agreement.
8.11
Applicability to High-Level Disputes.
(a) In addition to the actions specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall use its reasonable best efforts, prior to, on and after the Effective Time, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws, regulations and agreements to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements.
9.1
Further Assurances.
(b) Without limiting the foregoing, prior to, on and after the Effective Time, each party hereto shall cooperate with the other parties, and without any further consideration, but at the expense of the requesting party, to execute and deliver, or use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be executed and delivered, all instruments, including instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer, and to make all filings with, and to obtain all consents, approvals or authorizations of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person under any permit, license, agreement, indenture or other instrument (including any Consents or Governmental Approvals), and to take all such other actions as such party may reasonably be requested to take by any other party hereto from time to time, consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, in order to effectuate the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and the transfers of the Teradata Assets and the assignment and assumption of the Teradata Liabilities and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. Without limiting the foregoing, each party will, at the reasonable request, cost and expense of any other party, take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to vest in such other party good and marketable title, free and clear of any Security Interest, if and to the extent it is practicable to do so.
(c) On or prior to the Effective Time, NCR and Teradata in their respective capacities as direct and indirect stockholders of their respective Subsidiaries, shall each ratify any actions which are reasonably necessary or desirable to be taken by NCR, Teradata or any other Subsidiary of NCR, as the case may be, to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. On or prior to the Effective Time, NCR and Teradata shall take all actions as may be necessary to approve the stock-based employee benefit plans of Teradata in order to satisfy the requirement of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and Section 162(m) of the Code and any other applicable shareholder approval requirements.
(d) NCR and Teradata, and each of the members of their respective Groups, waive (and agree not to assert against any of the others) any claim or demand that any of them may have against any of the others for any Liabilities or other claims relating to or arising out of: (i) the failure of Teradata or any member of the Teradata Group, on the one hand, or of NCR, Teradata or any member of the NCR Group, on the other hand, to provide any notification or disclosure required under any state Environmental Law in connection with the Separation or the
 
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the transfer by any member of any Group to any member of any other Group of ownership or operational control of any Assets not previously owned or operated by such transferee; or (ii) any inadequate, incorrect or incomplete notification or disclosure under any such state Environmental Law by the applicable transferor. To the extent any Liability to any Governmental Authority or any third Person arises out of any action or inaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above, the transferee of the applicable Asset hereby assumes and agrees to pay any such Liability.
(e) Prior to the Effective Time, if one or more of the parties identifies any commercial or other service that is needed to assure a smooth and orderly transition of the businesses in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and that is not otherwise governed by the provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, the parties will cooperate in determining whether there is a mutually acceptable arm's-length basis on which one or more of the other parties will provide such service.
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Distribution Date by the mutual consent of NCR and Teradata.
10.1
Termination by Mutual Consent.
This Agreement may be terminated by NCR at any time prior to the Effective Time. The obligations of the parties under Article IV (including the obligation to pursue or effect the Distribution) may be terminated by NCR if the Distribution Date shall not have occurred on or prior to December 31, 2007.
10.2
Other Termination.
(a) In the event of any termination of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time, no party to this Agreement (or any of its directors or officers) shall have any Liability or further obligation to any other party.
10.3
Effect of Termination.
(b) In the event of any termination of this Agreement on or after the Effective Time, only the provisions of Article IV will terminate and the other provisions of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
(a) This Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party.
11.1
Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Corporate Power.
(b) This Agreement, and the Ancillary Agreements and the Exhibits, Schedules and Appendices hereto and thereto contain the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, supersede all previous agreements, negotiations, discussions, writings, understandings, commitments and conversations with respect to such
 
subject matter and there are no agreements or understandings between the parties other than those set forth or referred to herein or therein.
(c) NCR represents on behalf of itself and each other member of the NCR Group and Teradata represents on behalf of itself and each other member of the Teradata Group as follows:
(i) each such Person has the requisite corporate or other power and authority and has taken all corporate or other action necessary in order to execute, deliver and perform each of this Agreement and each other Ancillary Agreements to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby; and
(ii) this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which it is a party has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of it enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof.
(d) Each party hereto acknowledges that it and each other party hereto is executing certain of the Ancillary Agreements by facsimile, stamp or mechanical signature. Each party hereto expressly adopts and confirms each such facsimile, stamp or mechanical signature made in its respective name as if it were a manual signature, agrees that it will not assert that any such signature is not adequate to bind such party to the same extent as if it were signed manually and agrees that at the reasonable request of any other party hereto at any time it will as promptly as reasonably practicable cause each such Ancillary Agreement to be manually executed (any such execution to be as of the date of the initial date thereof).
Except as set forth in Article VIII, this Agreement and, unless expressly provided therein, each Ancillary Agreement, shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (other than as to its laws of arbitration which shall be governed under the Arbitration Act or other applicable federal law pursuant to Section 8.10), irrespective of the choice of laws principles of the State of New York, as to all matters, including matters of validity, construction, effect, enforceability, performance and remedies.
11.2
Governing Law.
Except as set forth in any Ancillary Agreement, this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and thereto, respectively, and their respective successors and assigns; , , that no party hereto or thereto may assign its respective rights or delegate its respective obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other parties hereto or thereto or except in connection with a merger or similar business combination involving a party if the successor under applicable law expressly assumes all rights and obligations of such party hereunder and under each Ancillary Agreement as if it were such party.
11.3
Assignability.
provided
however
Except for the indemnification rights under this Agreement of any NCR Indemnitee or Teradata Indemnitee in their respective capacities as such (who shall be express third party beneficiaries hereof), (a) the provisions of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement are solely for the benefit of the parties and are not intended to
11.4
Third Party Beneficiaries.
 
confer upon any Person except the parties any rights or remedies hereunder, and (b) there are no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement and neither this Agreement nor any Ancillary Agreement shall provide any third person with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or other right in excess of those existing without reference to this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement.
All notices or other communications under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given when (a) delivered in person or (b) deposited in the United States mail or private express mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:
11.5
Notices.
If to , to:
NCR
NCR Corporation
1700 South Patterson Blvd.
Dayton, Oh 45479
Attention: General Counsel
If to , to:
Teradata
Teradata Corporation
1700 South Patterson Blvd.
Dayton, Oh 45479
Attention: General Counsel
Any party may, by notice to the other party, change the address to which such notices are to be given.
If any provision of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement or the application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof or thereof, or the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, as the case may be, is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon such determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to agree upon such a suitable and equitable provision to effect the original intent of the parties.
11.6
Severability.
No party shall be deemed in default of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to the extent that any delay or failure in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement results from any cause beyond its reasonable control (or the reasonable control of any person acting on its behalf) and without its fault or negligence (or the fault or negligence of such other person acting on its behalf), which by its nature could not have been foreseen by such party (or such other person acting on its behalf), or, if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable, such as acts of God, pandemics, sabotage, acts of civil or military authority, embargoes, epidemics, civil commotion or civil unrest, acts of
11.7
Force Majeure.
 
war (declared or undeclared) or armed hostilities or other national or international calamity or one or more acts of terrorism or failure of energy sources or distribution facilities, riots, terrorism, insurrections, fires, explosions, earthquakes, floods, unusually severe weather conditions, labor problems or unavailability of parts, or, in the case of computer systems, any failure in electrical or air conditioning equipment. In the event of any such excused delay, the time for performance shall be extended for a period equal to the time lost by reason of the delay. A party claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (a) notify the other applicable parties of the nature and extent of any such force majeure condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume performance under this Agreement as soon as feasible.
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or in any Ancillary Agreement, whether or not the Distribution is consummated, all one-time, non-recurring third party fees, costs, expenses and expenditures paid or incurred in connection with the Distribution in each case on or prior to the Effective Time, including those listed on Schedule 11.8 hereto, will be paid by NCR.
11.8
Expenses.
The article, section and paragraph headings contained in this Agreement and in the Ancillary Agreements are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement.
11.9
Headings.
Except as expressly set forth in any Ancillary Agreement, the covenants, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement, and liability for the breach of any obligations contained herein, shall survive each of the Separation and the Distribution.
11.10
Survival of Covenants.
Waiver by any party of any default by the other party of any provision of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by the waiving party of any subsequent or other default, nor shall it prejudice the rights of the other party.
11.11
Waivers of Default.
In the event of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, the party or parties who are or are to be thereby aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief of its rights under this Agreement or such Ancillary Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The parties agree that the remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach, including monetary damages, are inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate is waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are waived.
11.12
Specific Performance.
(a) No provisions of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement shall be deemed waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any party, unless such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the authorized representative of the party against whom it is sought to enforce such waiver, amendment, supplement or modification.
11.13
Amendments.
 
(b) Without limiting the foregoing, the parties anticipate that, prior to the Effective Time, some or all of the Schedules to this Agreement may be amended or supplemented and, in such event, such amended or supplemented Schedules shall be attached hereto in lieu of the original Schedules.
Words in the singular shall be held to include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be held to include the other genders as the context requires. The terms "hereof," "herein," and "herewith" and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement (or the applicable Ancillary Agreement) as a whole (including all of the Schedules, Exhibits and Appendices hereto and thereto) and not to any particular provision of this Agreement (or such Ancillary Agreement). Article, Section, Exhibit, Schedule and Appendix references are to the Articles, Sections, Exhibits, Schedules and Appendices to this Agreement (or the applicable Ancillary Agreement) unless otherwise specified. The word "including" and words of similar import when used in this Agreement (or the applicable Ancillary Agreement) shall mean "including, without limitation," unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise specified. The word "or" shall not be exclusive.
11.14
Interpretation.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Separation and Distribution Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20070919172332.txt.gz
TIME:20070919172332
EVENTS:	Temporary Suspension of Trading Under Registrant's Employee Benefit Plans	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Temporary Suspension of Trading Under Registrant's Employee Benefit Plans
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
On August 28, 2007, NCR Corporation ("NCR") announced that a record date of September 14, 2007 and a distribution date of September 30, 2007 had been set for the spin-off of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata"), its wholly-owned subsidiary. To complete the spin-off, during a "blackout period" that will begin at 4:00 p.m., Eastern time, on Friday, September 28, 2007 and is expected to end on Friday, October 5, 2007, participants in Teradata's 401(k) Savings Plan will be unable to direct or diversify investments in, or obtain a distribution from, the Teradata Unitized Stock Fund in the Teradata 401(k) Savings Plan. A notice to directors and executive officers of Teradata of a general trading suspension during the same period, dated September 19, 2007, is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference.
 
Exhibits:
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
In connection with the spin off of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata"), there will be a period of time when Teradata 401(k) Savings Plan participants will be unable to direct or diversify their investments in, or obtain a distribution from, or take loans of money invested in, the Teradata Unitized Stock Fund in the Teradata Savings Plan (the "Plan"). This period is required in order to ensure that Plan balances are processed and transferred accurately from the NCR Savings Plan to the Teradata Plan at Fidelity Investments. This period will begin at 4:00 P.M., Eastern Time, on Friday, September 28, 2007, and is expected to end on Friday, October 5, 2007.
This period during which Plan participants will be unable to exercise these rights will qualify as a "blackout period" under the Securities and Exchange Commission's Regulation BTR. Regulation BTR requires us to prohibit during this blackout period Teradata's directors and executive officers from buying, selling, trading or otherwise transferring Teradata common stock (including options and other derivatives based on company stock) acquired in connection with their service as a director or executive officer. Regulation BTR also requires that we send this notice to you. Covered transactions are not limited to those involving your direct ownership, but include any transaction in which you have a pecuniary interest.
Please note that, as previously communicated, all trading by Teradata's directors and executive officers is already prohibited under Teradata's Insider Trading Policy during the quarterly insider trading blackout period which is expected to lift on November 1, 2007. Regulation BTR, however, imposes additional penalties, such as criminal penalties and a requirement to disgorge all profits, on trades that occur during a Regulation BTR blackout period.
We will notify you of any changes that affect the dates of the BTR blackout period. If you have any questions concerning this notice or whether certain transactions are subject to this prohibition, please contact Molly Treese at (937) 445-2969.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20070925172529.txt.gz
TIME:20070925172529
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
As described in the Information Statement (the "Information Statement") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") filed on August 31, 2007 by NCR Corporation ("NCR") as Exhibit 99.2 to NCR's current report on Form 8-K, and incorporated by reference in Teradata's current report on Form 8-K as filed on September 11, 2007, on September 30, 2007, NCR expects to spin off to holders of shares of NCR common stock as of the close of business on September 14, 2007, all of NCR's interest in Teradata, its wholly owned subsidiary (the "Spin Off").
In connection with the Spin Off and related transactions, NCR and Teradata have entered into a Tax Separation Agreement, dated September 21, 2007, between Teradata and NCR, and an Employee Benefits Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2007, between Teradata and NCR. These agreements were filed on September 25, 2007 as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to NCR's current report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Descriptions of these agreements were set forth in the Information Statement and are incorporated herein by reference.
 
On September 22, 2007, the Board of Directors of Teradata approved the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Teradata (the "Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference. NCR International, Inc., as the sole shareholder of Teradata at such time, approved the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation at a special shareholders meeting held on September 23, 2007. The effective date of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is September 24, 2007. The amendment effects certain technical changes, including changes to clarify the operation of the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the event that in the future there is more than one class of stock of Teradata outstanding. For example, Article Fourth was amended to specify that a future amendment to Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that changes only the terms of preferred stock issued hereafter need not be approved by Teradata's common stockholders, subject to certain exceptions.
On September 22, 2007, the Board of Directors of Teradata approved an amendment to the By-laws of Teradata which provides that the deemed date of the Teradata stockholders meeting in 2007 for purposes of determining the time by which stockholders must submit notice of proposed business and director nominations for the 2008 annual stockholders meeting is April 26, 2007. A copy of the Amended and Restated By-laws of Teradata are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
Teradata Corporation (the ""), a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the ""), does hereby certify as follows:
Corporation
DGCL
(1) The name of the Corporation is Teradata Corporation. The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name Teradata Corporation. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 27, 2007.
(2) This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "") and by the sole stockholder of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL.
Board of Directors
(3) This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and integrates and further amends the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation in its entirety.
(4) The text of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation hereby is amended and restated in its entirety as follows:
: The name of the Corporation is Teradata Corporation.
FIRST
: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company.
SECOND
: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the DGCL.
THIRD
:
FOURTH
(1) Authorized Capital Stock. The total number of shares of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 600,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (a) 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock") and (b) 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "Preferred Stock"). Notwithstanding anything in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any Preferred Stock adopted in accordance with Section (3) of this Article FOURTH.
(2) Common Stock. The powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Common Stock are as follows:
(a) . Each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote in person or by proxy for each share of the Common Stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any resolution or resolutions setting forth the terms of any series of Preferred Stock adopted in accordance with Section (3) of this Article FOURTH (such resolution or resolutions, a "Preferred Stock Designation")) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation).
Voting
(b) . The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights.
No Cumulative Voting
(c) . Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, and subject to any other provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as it may be amended from time to time, holders of shares of the Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Corporation when, as and if declared thereon by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor.
Dividends; Stock Splits
(d) . No holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights by virtue of their ownership of shares of Common Stock.
No Preemptive or Subscription Rights
(e) . The provisions of Section 155 of the DGCL apply with respect to fractional shares.
Fractional Shares
(3) . The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to fix for each such series such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to each series shall include, but not be limited to, determination of the following:
Preferred Stock
(a) The designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title.
(b) The number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors may thereafter (except where otherwise provided in the Preferred Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding).
(c) Whether dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative and the dividend rate of the series.
(d) The dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable.
(e) The redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series.
(f) The terms and amount of any sinking fund provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series.
(g) (The amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation.
(h) Whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series of such other security, the conversion price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion may be made.
(i) Restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or of any other class or series.
(j) The voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series.
: The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders:
FIFTH
(1) The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors.
(2) The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. As used in this Article FIFTH and in Article TENTH, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
 
(3) The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
(4) Notwithstanding the expiration of a director's term, he or she will remain in office until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders.
(5) Subject to applicable law and to the terms of any one or more series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled only by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, provided that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any or all of the directors of the Corporation may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately by series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of the Preferred Stock Designation providing for the issuance of such series, and such directors so elected shall not be divided into classes pursuant to this Article FIFTH unless expressly provided by such terms.
(6) In addition to the powers and authority hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
: No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. If the DGCL is amended hereafter to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of this Article SIXTH shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
SIXTH
: The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law, as now or hereafter in effect, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and personal and legal representatives; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred by this Article SEVENTH shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the
SEVENTH
 
expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article SEVENTH shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws of the Corporation, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. Any repeal or modification of this Article SEVENTH shall not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
: Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is hereby specifically denied. Unless otherwise required by law or the terms of a Preferred Stock Designation, special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either the (1) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (2) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
EIGHTH
: Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the By-Laws may provide. The books of the Corporation may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the DGCL) outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or in the By-Laws of the Corporation. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the By-Laws so provide.
NINTH
: In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of the By-Laws inconsistent with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and Article IX of the By-Laws.
TENTH
: The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or a Preferred Stock Designation in the manner now or hereafter prescribed in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, and all rights herein conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to such reservation; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (and in addition to any other vote that may be required by law), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with the purpose and intent of Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH and TENTH of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or this Article ELEVENTH; and provided further that no Preferred Stock Designation shall be amended after the issuance of any shares of the series of Preferred Stock created thereby, except in accordance with the terms of such Preferred Stock Designation and the requirements of applicable law.
ELEVENTH
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed on its behalf this 24
th
day of September, 2007.
 
 

Exhibit 3.2
Section 1. . The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.
Registered Office
Section 2. . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
Other Offices
Section 1. . Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Place of Meetings
Section 2. . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting of stockholders.
Annual Meetings
Section 3. . Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the ""), special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called either the (i) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
Special Meetings
Certificate of Incorporation
 
Section 4. . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present in person and vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise required by law, written notice of any meeting shall be given either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address at it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by means of electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("").
Notice
DGCL
Section 5. . Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
Adjournments
Section 6. . Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the Corporation's capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum.
Quorum
Section 7. . Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than the election of directors, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of votes of the Corporation's capital stock represented and entitled to vote thereat, voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 8 of this Article II. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officer's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.
Voting
 
Section 8. . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such manner prescribed by the DGCL) by the stockholder, or by his or her duly authorized attorney in fact.
Proxies
Section 9. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is hereby specifically denied.
No Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting
Section 10. . The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting either (i) at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote
Section 11. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; , , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Record Date
provided
however
Section 12. . The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by Section 10 of this Article II or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.
Stock Ledger
Section 13. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall act as chairman of meetings of the stockholders. The Board of Directors may designate any other officer or director of the Corporation to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors may further provide for determining who shall act as chairman of any stockholders meeting in the absence of the Chairman and such designee. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it
Organization and Conduct of Meetings
 
shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.
Section 14. . In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector's ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.
Inspectors of Election
Section 15. . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 15 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting, (ii) who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (iii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 15.
Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the
 
preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment of a meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. For purposes of this Section 15 and Section 16, (x) the term "public disclosure" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "") and (y) the Corporation's annual meeting in 2007 shall be deemed to have occurred on April 26, 2007.
provided
however
Exchange Act
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder and such beneficial owner in such business and (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 15. If the chairman of an annual meeting determines that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.
Section 16. . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (a) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 16 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, (b) who is entitled to vote at such meeting and (c) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 16.
Nomination of Directors
 
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment of a meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
provided
however
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (a) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (b) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (c) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock (if any) of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the person and (d) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (a) the name and record address of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (b) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder, (d) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and (e) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 16. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing
 
procedures, the Chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 15 and this Section 16, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this By-Law. Nothing in this By-Law shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances.
Section 1. . The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, other than in a Contested Election of Directors (as defined below), directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. In a Contested Election of Directors, directors shall be elected by the plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors. The term "Contested Election of Directors" shall mean an annual or special meeting of the Corporation at which directors are to be elected if the number of individuals nominated in accordance with these By-Laws for election as director exceeds the number of directors to be elected at the applicable meeting. A director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and thereafter until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Number and Election of Directors
Section 2. . Subject to the terms of any one or more classes or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office,
Vacancies
provided
 
that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor.
Section 3. . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.
Duties and Powers
Section 4. . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, if there be one, or the Chief Executive Officer. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director either by mail posted not less than five (5) days before the date of the meeting, by telephone, email, facsimile or telegram or other means of electronic communication delivered or sent not less than twelve (12) hours before the date and time of the meeting, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances.
Meetings
Section 5. . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 6. . Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or upon the conditions therein specified or, if no time or conditions are specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors.
Resignations and Removals of Directors
Section 7. . Except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of
Quorum
 
Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.
Section 8. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Actions of the Board by Written Consent
Section 9. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone
Section 10. . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required.
Committees
A majority of any committee may determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. Notice of such meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 4 of this Article. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent the Board of Directors from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation; , , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board of Directors.
provided
however
 
Section 11. . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee members. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.
Compensation
Section 12. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such director's or officer's vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.
Interested Directors
Section 1. . The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director), a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.
General
 
Section 2. . The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders, as necessary, shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officer's successor is elected and qualified, or until such officer's earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer elected by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer or agent elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or President. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
Election
Section 3. . Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation
Section 4. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 5. . The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall assume all of the duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors assigned by these By-Laws in the event of the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 6. . The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and, if there be one, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these By-Laws, the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if there be none, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other
Chief Executive Officer
 
powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Section 7. . At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon such office. The President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a President of a corporation.
President
Section 8. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Vice Presidents
Section 9. . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officer's signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.
Secretary
Section 10. . The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.
Treasurer
Section 11. . Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretary's inability or
Assistant Secretaries
 
refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.
Section 12. . Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurer's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer.
Assistant Treasurers
Section 13. . Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.
Other Officers
Section 1. . Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, each class or series of the shares of capital stock in the Corporation shall be issued in uncertificated form pursuant to the customary arrangements for issuing shares in such form. Shares shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by attorney upon presentment of proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer in accordance with the customary procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form.
Uncertificated Shares
Section 2. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
Dividend Record Date
Section 3. . The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.
Record Owners
Section 4. . The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Transfer and Registry Agents
 
Section 1. . Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, such notice may be given either personally, by mail, facsimile, telegraph or other means of electronic communication or by other lawful means.
Notices
Section 2. . Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
Waivers of Notice
Section 1. . Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 8 of Article III hereof), and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.
Dividends
Section 2. . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.
Disbursements
Section 3. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31
Fiscal Year
st
day of December in each year, or on such other day as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Section 4. . The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware".
Corporate Seal
 
The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
Section 1. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful.
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section 2. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section 3. . To obtain indemnification under this By-Law, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is
Authorization of Indemnification
 
reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.
Section 4. . For purposes of any determination under Section 3 of this Article VIII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful, if such person's action was based on the records or books of account of the Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to such person by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or records given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The provisions of this Section 4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be.
Good Faith Defined
Section 5. . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any director or officer may apply to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or any other court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Delaware for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII. The basis of such indemnification by a court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such
Indemnification by a Court
 
application. If successful, in whole or in part, the director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.
Section 6. . Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.
Expenses Payable in Advance
Section 7. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Section 1 and Section 2 of this Article VIII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise.
Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
Section 8. . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.
Insurance
Section 9. . For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. The term "another enterprise" as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of
Certain Definitions
 
which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VIII.
Section 10. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. No repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such repeal or modification.
Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
Section 11. . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 5 of this Article VIII), the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
Limitation on Indemnification
Section 12. . The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation similar to those conferred in this Article VIII to directors and officers of the Corporation.
Indemnification of Employees and Agents
Section 1. . In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of these By-Laws inconsistent
Amendments
 
with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and this Article IX of these By-Laws.
Section 2. . As used in this Article IX and in these By-Laws generally, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
Entire Board of Directors
* * *
Adopted as of: September 22, 2007
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20071003144817.txt.gz
TIME:20071003144817
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
On September 30, 2007, the distribution (the "Distribution") by NCR Corporation ("NCR") of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") to the stockholders of NCR was completed in a spin-off (the "Spin-Off") intended to qualify for tax-free treatment. Upon the Distribution, NCR stockholders of record as of September 14, 2007 ("Record Date") received one share of Teradata common stock for every share of NCR common stock held as of the Record Date. Such NCR stockholders collectively received 100% of the common stock of Teradata, which is now an independent public company trading under the symbol "TDC" on the New York Stock Exchange. Further details regarding the Spin-Off may be found in Teradata's Information Statement dated August 27, 2007 (the "Information Statement") which was filed on August 31, 2007 as Exhibit 99.2 to NCR's current report on Form 8-K.
In connection with the Spin-Off, the following agreements between Teradata and NCR became effective: Interim Services and Systems Replication Agreement; Exclusive Patent Agreement; Patent License Agreement; Technology Agreement; Master Agreement for Enterprise Data Warehousing Sales and Support; Network Support Agreement; Service Provider Agreement and Master Reseller Agreement. The terms of these agreements were described in the Information Statement and the forms were attached as exhibits to Teradata's Amendment No. 2 to Form 10 filed August 21, 2007.
A copy of the press release announcing the completion of the Spin-Off is attached hereby as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The information included in Item 1.01 of this current report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference into this Item 2.01.
 
On October 1, 2007, Teradata entered into a five year, $300 million unsecured credit agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with the lenders party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit commitment of up to $300 million. Borrowing under the Credit Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions precedent.
The terms of the Credit Agreement include various affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants related to the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to cash interest expense) and a maximum leverage ratio (total indebtedness to EBITDA). The Credit Agreement also includes customary events of default with corresponding grace periods, including, without limitation, payment defaults, cross-defaults to other agreements evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money and bankruptcy-related defaults.
A copy of the Credit Agreement is filed as an exhibit to this report as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The description above is a summary of the Credit Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Credit Agreement.
 
Teradata's board of directors has adopted a Corporate Governance Guidelines and a Code of Conduct that apply to all directors, officers and employees of Teradata. A copy of Teradata's Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct are available on the corporate governance page of Teradata's website: http://www.teradata.com.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
Execution Copy
 
Published Cusip Number:
                                        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This is entered into as of October 1, 2007 (this ""), among , as Borrower, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the "" and, individually, a ""), , as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, , as Syndication Agent, and , and , as Co-Documentation Agents.
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT
Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Lenders
Lender
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
CITIBANK, N.A.
FIFTH/THIRD BANK
THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.
The Borrower has requested the Lenders to establish the credit facility provided for herein on the Closing Date for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The Lenders are willing to establish such credit facility upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
Section 1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
Defined Terms
"" means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between the Borrower and an Additional Credit Lender pursuant to which such Additional Credit Lender assumes an Additional Credit Commitment under .
Additional Credit Assumption Agreement
Section 2.21
"" means the Commitment of any Lender (including any increase to a Lender's then existing Commitment) established pursuant to .
Additional Credit Commitment
Section 2.21
"" means a Lender with an Additional Credit Commitment or a Person that will become such a Lender pursuant to .
Additional Credit Lender
Section 2.21
"" means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.
Administrative Agent
"" means the Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account set forth in , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.
Administrative Agent's Office
Schedule 9.01
"" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Agreement
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Agreement Currency
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of Commitments in effect at such time.
Aggregate Commitments
"" means the aggregate amount of the Lenders' Revolving Credit Exposures.
Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means each of British Pounds Sterling, Euros, Japanese Yen and each other currency approved in accordance with .
Alternative Currency
Section 1.05
"" means a Borrowing consisting of Alternative Currency Loans.
Alternative Currency Borrowing
"" means, at any time, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of all outstanding Alternative Currency Loans at such time. The Alternative Currency Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Alternative Currency Exposure at such time.
Alternative Currency Exposure
"" means the Revolving Loans that are denominated in Alternative Currencies. Each Alternative Currency Loan shall be a Eurocurrency Rate Loan.
Alternative Currency Loans
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Applicable Creditor
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.
Applicable Percentage
"" means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to :
Applicable Rate
Section 5.01(c)
Applicable Rate
 
 
For the period from the Closing Date until the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2007 pursuant to , the Applicable Rate shall equal Pricing Level 4. Thereafter, any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to ; , , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing Level 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered.
Section 5.01(c)
Section 5.01(c)
provided
however
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of .
Section 2.13
"" means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.
Applicable Time
"" means Banc of America Securities and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers.
Arrangers
"" means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit C
"" means, on any date, in respect of any lease of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as lessee, entered into as part of a sale and leaseback transaction subject to , (i) if such lease is a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) if such lease is not a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under such lease that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation.
Attributable Indebtedness
Section 6.03
"" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with , and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.
Audited Financial Statements
Section 5.01(a)
"" means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to .
Availability Period
Section 2.09
Section 7.02
 
"" means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors.
Bank of America
"" means Banc of America Securities LL/C and its successors.
Banc of America Securities
"" means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1% and (b) the Prime Rate.
Base Rate
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in dollars only.
Base Rate Loan
"" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.
Board
"" means Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Borrower
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Borrower Materials
Section 5.02
"" means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) a Competitive Advance or group of Competitive Advances of the same Type and currency made on the same date and as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (c) Swing Line Loans made on the same date.
Borrowing
"" means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with .
Borrowing Request
Section 2.03
"" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent's Office with respect to Obligations denominated in Dollars is located and:
Business Day
(a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Dollars in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank Eurocurrency market;
(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that is an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means a TARGET Day;
 
(c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that is an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Euro, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such currency; and
(d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Dollars or Euro in respect of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Dollars or Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency.
"" means each of the following: (a) each date of a Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (b) each date of a continuation of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (c) the last Business Day of each calendar week and (d) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require.
Calculation Date
"" of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligations
"" means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Lenders, as collateral for the L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer (which documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings.
Cash Collateralize
"" means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than an employee benefit plan or related trust of the Borrower or of the Borrower and any Subsidiaries, of shares representing more than 25% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated.
Change in Control
"" means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c)
Change in Law
 
compliance by any Lender or the L/C Issuer (or, for purposes of , by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement.
Section 2.15(b)
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, Competitive Advances or Swing Line Loans.
Class
"" means the first date on which all the conditions precedent in are satisfied or waived in accordance with (or, in the case of , waived by the Person entitled to receive the applicable payment).
Closing Date
Section 4.01
Section 4.01
Section 4.01(b)
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
Code
"" means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to , (b) increased from time to time pursuant to , and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to . The initial amount of each Lender's Commitment is set forth on , in the Additional Credit Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have obtained an Additional Credit Commitment, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments is $300,000,000.
Commitment
Section 2.09
Section 2.21
Section 9.04
Schedule 2.01
"" means a Loan made pursuant to .
Competitive Advance
Section 2.04
"" means an offer by a Lender to make a Competitive Advance in accordance with .
Competitive Bid
Section 2.04
"" means, with respect to any Competitive Bid, the Margin or the Fixed Rate, as applicable, offered by the Lender making such Competitive Bid.
Competitive Bid Rate
"" means a request by the Borrower for Competitive Bids in accordance with .
Competitive Bid Request
Section 2.04
"" means a certificate substantially in the form of .
Compliance Certificate
Exhibit F
"" means, for any period, the difference for such period between (a) the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) interest expense and (ii) the portion of any payments or accruals with respect to Capital Lease Obligations allocable to interest expense and (iii) capitalized interest expense and (b) to the extent included in interest expense, the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) pay-in-kind interest expense and (ii) the amortization of debt discounts, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Cash Interest Expense
 
"" means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period plus, to the extent deducted in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (a) income tax expense, (b) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, (c) depreciation and amortization expense, and (d) extraordinary losses during such period and nonrecurring noncash charges during such period (provided that any cash expenditure in respect of any such noncash charge will be deducted in computing Consolidated EBITDA for a period in which such expenditure is made), minus, to the extent added in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (i) income tax benefit and (ii) extraordinary or nonrecurring gains during such period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated EBITDA
"" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and such Subsidiaries for that period.
Consolidated Net Income
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, all tangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Tangible Assets
"" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
"" means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) and L/C Credit Extension.
Credit Extension
"" means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Debtor Relief Laws
"" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
Default
"" means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in .
Disclosed Matters
Schedule 1.01
"" means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent in dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent using the Exchange Rate with respect to such Alternative Currency then in effect as determined pursuant to .
Dollar Equivalent
Section 2.20(a)
"" or "" refers to lawful money of the United States of America.
dollars
$
 
"" means the economic and monetary union in accordance with the Treaty of Rome 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1986, the Maastricht Treaty of 1992 and the Amsterdam Treaty of 1998.
EMU
"" means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency.
EMU Legislation
"" means all (a) laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances and (b) all orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority and by or affecting the Borrower, in each case relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.
Environmental Laws
"" means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
Environmental Liability
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.
ERISA
"" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) any "reportable event", as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of an "accumulated funding deficiency" (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.
ERISA Event
 
"" means, for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate ("BBA LIBOR"), as published by Reuters (or other commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the "Eurocurrency Rate" for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Eurocurrency Rate Loan being made, continued or converted by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch to major banks in the London interbank Eurocurrency market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.
Eurocurrency Rate
"" means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurocurrency Rate.
Eurocurrency Rate Loan
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Events of Default
Section 7.01
"" means, with respect to any Alternative Currency on any date, the Spot Rate determined in accordance with .
Exchange Rate
Section 1.05
"" means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under ), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender's failure to comply with , except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to .
Excluded Taxes
Section 2.19(b)
Section 2.17(e)
Section 2.17(a)
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Extension Notice
Section 2.22
"" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal
Federal Funds Rate
 
Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.
"" means, with respect to any Competitive Advance (other than a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Advance), the fixed rate of interest per annum specified by the Lender making such Competitive Advance in its related Competitive Bid.
Fixed Rate
"" means a Competitive Advance bearing interest at a Fixed Rate.
Fixed Rate Loan
"" means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is located. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.
Foreign Lender
"" means a Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
Foreign Subsidiary
"" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
GAAP
"" means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
Governmental Authority
"" of or by any Person (the "") means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.
Guarantee
guarantor
primary obligor
provided
 
"" means, collectively, each Subsidiary party to the Guaranty as of the Closing Date and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes and delivers a guaranty or guaranty supplement pursuant to .
Guarantors
Section 5.08
"" means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of , together with each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to .
Guaranty
Exhibit E
Section 5.08
"" means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
"" means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.
Hedging Agreement
"" has the meaning specified in .
Increase Effective Date
Section 2.21
"" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (if such Person has not assumed such Indebtedness of others, then the amount of Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of (A) the amount of such Indebtedness of others and (B) the fair market value of such property, as reasonably determined by the Borrower), (e) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (f) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (g) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of standby letters of credit and letters of guaranty (x) supporting Indebtedness or (y) obtained for any purpose not in the ordinary course of business and (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers' acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person's ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
Indebtedness
"" means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.
Indemnified Taxes
"" means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement.
Index Debt
 
"" means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated August 2007 relating to the Borrower distributed to prospective Lenders in connection with the syndication of the Commitments.
Information Memorandum
"" means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with .
Interest Election Request
Section 2.08
"" means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan (other than a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the last Business Day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months' duration, each Business Day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months' duration, after the first day of such Interest Period, (c) with respect to any Fixed Rate Loan, the last Business Day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than 90 days' duration (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request), each Business Day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of 90 days' duration after the first day of such Interest Period, and any other dates that are specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request as Interest Payment Dates with respect to such Borrowing and (d) with respect to any Swing Line Loan, the Business Day that such Loan is required to be repaid.
Interest Payment Date
"" means (a) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter, as the Borrower may elect, and (b) with respect to any Fixed Rate Borrowing, the period (which shall not be less than 7 days or more than 360 days) commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the date specified in the applicable Competitive Bid Request; , that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
Interest Period
provided
"" means, with respect to any Person, any acquisition or investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means of any of the following: (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any equity interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital contribution to, Guarantee of obligations of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of another Person that constitute the
Investment
 
business or a division or operating unit of another Person. Any binding commitment to make an Investment in any other Person, as well as any option of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment. For purposes of determining compliance with any covenant contained in this Agreement, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.
"" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the "International Standby Practices 1998" published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).
ISP
"" means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit.
Issuer Documents
"" has the meaning specified in .
Judgment Currency
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.
Laws
"" means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been (a) reimbursed by the Borrower in accordance with or (b) refinanced as a Borrowing.
L/C Borrowing
Section 2.06(e)
"" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof.
L/C Credit Extension
"" means a payment made by the L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
L/C Disbursement
"" means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The L/C Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total L/C Exposure at such time.
L/C Exposure
"" means Bank of America in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder.
L/C Issuer
"" means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all
L/C Obligations
 
Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be "outstanding" in the amount remaining to be drawn.
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context required, includes the Swing Line Lender.
Lenders
"" means any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. Letters of Credit shall be denominated in dollars only.
Letter of Credit
"" means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect.
Letter of Credit Expiration Date
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio as of such day of (i) Total Indebtedness to (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such last day.
Leverage Ratio
"" means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) equal to the arithmetic average of the rates that appear on the Reuters Screen LIBO Page at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for deposits in dollars or in the applicable Alternative Currency with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the "" with respect to such Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing for such Interest Period shall be the rate at which deposits in dollars or in the applicable Alternative Currency approximately equal in principal amount to such Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.
LIBO Rate
LIBO Rate
"" means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
Lien
"" means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, each Swap Contract with a Swap Bank, the Fee Letter and the Guaranty.
Loan Documents
"" means a notice of (a) a Borrowing of Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, pursuant to , which, in each case, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.
Loan Notice
Section 2.03
 
"" means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor, or any combination of the foregoing.
Loan Parties
"" means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement.
Loans
"" means, with respect to any Competitive Advance bearing interest at a rate based on the LIBO Rate, the marginal rate of interest, if any, to be added to or subtracted from the LIBO Rate to determine the rate of interest applicable to such Loan, as specified by the Lender making such Loan in its related Competitive Bid.
Margin
"" means "margin stock" as defined in Regulation U of the Board.
Margin Stock
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $25,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the "principal amount" of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time.
Material Indebtedness
"" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower which (a) has total assets equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as of the most recent fiscal period with respect to which the Lenders shall have received financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to or  (or if prior to delivery of any financial statements pursuant to such Sections, then calculated with respect to the year end financial statements referenced in (the "Required Financial Information")) or (b) has income equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Net Income (calculated for the most recent period for which the Lenders have received the Required Financial Information); , , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Material Subsidiary" shall mean each of those Subsidiaries that together with the Borrower and each other Material Subsidiary (i) have assets equal to not less than 80% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as described above) and (ii) generate not less than 80% of Consolidated Net Income; that if more than one combination of Subsidiaries satisfies such threshold, then those Subsidiaries so determined to be "Material Subsidiaries" shall be specified by the Borrower; , , that there shall be excluded from the definition of "Material Subsidiaries" and the computations set forth above, any Foreign Subsidiaries.
Material Subsidiary
Sections 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 3.04(a))
provided
however
provided further
provided
further
"" means the fifth anniversary of the date of this Agreement, as such date may be extended pursuant to .
Maturity Date
Section 2.22
 
"" means a request by the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, for the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to .
Maturity Date Extension Request
Section 2.22
"" means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means NCR corporation, a Maryland corporation.
NCR
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Non-Consenting Lender
Section 2.22
"" means a sale of accounts receivable by the Borrower or a Subsidiary to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower for fair value (, reflecting a fair market discount from face value) and solely for cash consideration payable at the time of such sale; that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary provides any Guarantee with respect to the payment or collection of any such account receivable or any portion thereof and the purchaser has no recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or to their assets, in the event of nonpayment of all or any portion of any such account receivable; , , that customary representations and warranties of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with any such sale as to the ownership, validity, absence of Liens, setoff rights and counterclaims and similar matters with respect to the accounts receivable sold (but not as to collectability or creditworthiness of the account debtor) shall not preclude treatment of a sale of such receivables as a Non-Recourse Receivables Sale.
Non-Recourse Receivables Sale
i.e.
provided
provided
further
"" means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a note and evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of hereto.
Note
Exhibit D
"" means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document (including Swap Contract entered into after the date of this Agreement to which a Swap Bank is a party entered into after the date of this Agreement) or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorney fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligations of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower.
Obligations
"" means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or any other Loan Document from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
Other Taxes
 
"" means (a) with respect to Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.
Outstanding Amount
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.
PBGC
"" means:
Permitted Encumbrances
(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with ;
Section 5.04
(b) Liens upon the equity interest or assets of any subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that does not exceed $15,000,000;
(c) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, repairmen's and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with;
Section 5.04
(d) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
(e) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and
(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
that the term "Permitted Encumbrances" shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.
provided
 
"" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.
Person
"" means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
Plan
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Platform
Section 5.02
"" means, as of any date of determination, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate." The "prime rate" is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.
Prime Rate
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Public Lender
Section 5.02
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Register
Section 9.04(c)
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Loan Notice and, with respect to a Competitive Advance, a request for Competitive Advance made in accordance with .
Request for Credit Extension
Section 2.04
"" means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing at least 66 2/3% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time.
Required Extension Lenders
"" means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing at least 51% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time; that, for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to if the Commitments have expired or terminated, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to and the Commitments expire or terminate, the outstanding Competitive Advances of the Lenders shall be included in their respective Revolving Credit Exposures in determining the Required Lenders.
Required Lenders
provided
Article VII
Article VII
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Reset Date
Section 2.20(a)
 
"" means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.
Responsible Officer
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Revolving Loans denominated in dollars, its Alternative Currency Exposure and its L/C Exposure and Swing Line Exposure at such time.
Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means a Loan made pursuant to .
Revolving Loan
Section 2.03
"" means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency.
Same Day Funds
"" means that certain real property located at 17087 Via Del Campo, 17089 Via Del Campo, 17093 Via Del Campo San Diego CA and 17095 Via Del Campo, San Diego, California, and described as Parcel 2 of Parcel Map No. 13441 filed in the Office of the Recorder of the County of San Diego on August 24, 1984 as Document No. 84-324480 of Official Records.
San Diego Facility
"" has the meaning specified in .
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.03(a)
"" means the transaction described in Amendment No. 2 to the Form 10 filed by the Borrower with the SEC on August 21, 2007, including, without limitation, (a) the transfer of all assets and liabilities of the Teradata Data Warehousing business from NCR to the Borrower and (b) the distribution by NCR of all capital stock of the Borrower to the shareholders of NCR, resulting in the shareholders of NCR owning all the capital stock of the Borrower.
Spin-Off
"" for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency.
Spot Rate
provided
"" means, with respect to any Person (the "") at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent's consolidated financial
subsidiary
parent
 
statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.
"" means any subsidiary of the Borrower.
Subsidiary
"" means any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender in its capacity as a party to a Swap Contract entered into after the date of this Agreement.
Swap Bank
"" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a "Master Agreement"), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
Swap Contract
"" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Swap Termination Value
"" means, with respect to the Swing Line Lender, the Swing Line Lender's commitment to make Swing Line Loans from time to time hereunder in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding.
Swing Line Commitment
"" means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time. The Swing Line Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Swing Line Exposure at such time.
Swing Line Exposure
 
"" means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as lender of Swing Line Loans hereunder.
Swing Line Lender
"" means a Loan made pursuant to .
Swing Line Loan
Section 2.05
"" means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
"" means, as of any date, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on such date, without duplication, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and regardless of whether such Indebtedness would be reflected on a balance sheet.
Total Indebtedness
"" means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of outstanding Revolving Loans, Competitive Advances, Swing Line Loans and L/C Exposure on such day.
Total Outstandings
"" means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.
Transactions
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate, the Base Rate or, in the case of a Competitive Advance or Borrowing, the LIBO Rate or a Fixed Rate.
Type
"" means any Acquisition that has not, at the time of the first public announcement of an offer relating thereto, been approved by the board of directors of the Person to be acquired. For purposes of this definition, "" shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is the surviving entity.
Unfriendly Acquisition
Acquisition
"" means that amount of drawing under a Letter of Credit for which the Borrower fails to reimburse the L/C Issuer in accordance with .
Unreimbursed Amount
Section 2.06(e)
"" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
Section 1.02 . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a "Revolving Loan") or by Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan") or by Class and Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving
Classification of Loans and Borrowings
 
Loan"). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a "Revolving Borrowing") or by Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing") or by Class and Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing").
Section 1.03 The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (f) references to "the date hereof" or "the date of this Agreement" shall refer to the Closing Date.
Terms Generally.
Section 1.04 Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.
Accounting Terms; GAAP.
provided
Section 1.05 . (a) The Administrative Agent shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Calculation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent amounts of Revolving Loans and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Calculation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Calculation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent.
Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents
 
(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in dollars, but such Eurocurrency Rate Loan is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent.
Section 1.06 . (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Eurocurrency Rate Loans be made in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of "Alternative Currency;" provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into dollars. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.
Additional Alternative Currencies
(b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency.
(c) Any failure by a Lender to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender to permit Eurocurrency Rate Loans to be made in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders consent to making Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower.
Section 1.05
Section 1.07 . (a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption (in accordance with the EMU Legislation). If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period.
Change of Currency
 
(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro.
(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.
Section 1.08 . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
Times of Day
Section 2.01 . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period denominated in dollars or in any Alternative Currency in an aggregate principal amount that will not at any time result in (i) such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender's Commitment, (ii) the sum of Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances exceeding the Aggregate Commitments or (iii) the Alternative Currency Exposure exceeding $100,000,000. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow under this , prepay under and reborrow Revolving Loans under this .
Commitments
Section 2.01
Section 2.11
Section 2.01
Section 2.02 . (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. Each Competitive Advance shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in . The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; that the Commitments, Swing Line Commitments and Competitive Bids of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender's failure to make Loans as required.
Loans and Borrowings
Section 2.04
provided
(b) Subject to , (i) each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, and (ii) each Competitive Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Fixed Rate Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan . Each Lender at its option may make any Eurocurrency Rate Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Section 2.14
provided
 
(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that (i) if such Borrowing is denominated in dollars, is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 or (ii) in the case of any Alternative Currency Borrowing, in an aggregate principal amount the Dollar Equivalent of which is not less than $5,000,000. At the time that each Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000; that a Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as contemplated by . Each Competitive Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time.
provided
Section 2.06(e)
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.
Section 2.03 . (a) To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (i) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (ii) in the case of a Base Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing; that any such Loan Notice of a Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as contemplated by may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request and Loan Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Requests for Revolving Borrowings
provided
Section 2.06(e)
Section 2.02
(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;
(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing;
(iv) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, the currency in which such Borrowing is to be denominated;
(v) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period"; and
 
(vi) the location and number of the Borrower's account (or other recipient's account designated in accordance with ) to which funds are to be disbursed.
Section 2.03(b)
If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's duration. If no election as to currency is specified with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected dollars. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender's Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing.
(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely Loan Notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Loans denominated in a currency other than dollars, in each case as described in the preceding subsection (a). In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent's Office for the applicable currency not later than 1:00 p.m. in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in dollars and not later than the applicable time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of Alternative Currency Loans, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting an account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; , , that if, on the date the Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing denominated in dollars is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, , to the payment in full of any such L/C Credit Extensions, and , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above.
Section 4.02
Section 4.01
provided
however
first
second
(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans (whether in dollars or an Alternative Currency) without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Alternative Currency Loans be prepaid or redenominated into dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the last day of the current interest period with respect thereto.
 
(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America's prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.
(e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans.
(f) The failure of any Lender to make any Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
Section 2.04 . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at any time and from time to time prior to the end of the Availability Period the Borrower may request Competitive Bids for Competitive Advances denominated in dollars and may (but shall not have any obligation to) accept Competitive Bids and borrow Competitive Advances; that the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances at any time shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments. To request Competitive Bids, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and, in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Borrowing; that the Borrower may submit up to (but not more than) two Competitive Bid Requests on the same day, but a Competitive Bid Request shall not be made within five Business Days after the date of any previous Competitive Bid Request, unless any and all such previous Competitive Bid Requests shall have been withdrawn or all Competitive Bids received in response thereto rejected. Each such telephonic Competitive Bid Request shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Competitive Bid Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Competitive Bid Request shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Competitive Bid Procedure
provided
provided
Section 2.02
(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;
(ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether such Borrowing is to be a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing or a Fixed Rate Borrowing;
(iv) the Interest Period to be applicable to such Borrowing, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period"; and
 
(v) the location and number of the Borrower's account (or other recipient's account) to which funds are to be disbursed.
The Borrower may at its election specify certain alternatives in respect of which the Lenders may submit alternative bids in the applicable Competitive Bid. Promptly following receipt of a Competitive Bid Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of the details thereof by telecopy, inviting the Lenders to submit Competitive Bids.
(b) Each Lender may (but shall not have any obligation to) make one or more Competitive Bids to the Borrower in response to a Competitive Bid Request. Each Competitive Bid by a Lender must be in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and must be received by the Administrative Agent by telecopy, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Borrowing, not later than 9:30 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the proposed date of such Competitive Borrowing, and in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing, not later than 9:30 a.m., New York City time, on the proposed date of such Competitive Borrowing. Competitive Bids that do not conform substantially to the form approved by the Administrative Agent may be rejected by the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall notify the applicable Lender as promptly as practicable. Each Competitive Bid shall specify (i) the principal amount (which shall be a minimum of $5,000,000 and an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and which may equal the entire principal amount of the Competitive Borrowing requested by the Borrower) of the Competitive Advance or Loans that the Lender is willing to make, (ii) the Competitive Bid Rate or Rates at which the Lender is prepared to make such Loan or Loans (expressed as a percentage rate per annum in the form of a decimal to no more than four decimal places) and (iii) the Interest Period applicable to each such Loan and the last day thereof. In the event the Borrower has requested that alternative bids be included in a Competitive Bid, such Competitive Bid shall include the information set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) in respect of each alternative in respect of which the applicable Lender wishes to bid.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower by telecopy of the Competitive Bid Rate and the principal amount specified in each Competitive Bid and the identity of the Lender that shall have made such Competitive Bid or, in the event the Borrower has requested alternative bids, the respective Competitive Bid Rate in respect of each offered alternative and the identity of the Lender that shall have made such Competitive Bid.
(d) Subject only to the provisions of this paragraph, the Borrower may accept or reject any Competitive Bid. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone, confirmed by telecopy in a form approved by the Administrative Agent, whether and to what extent it has decided to accept or reject each Competitive Bid, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Borrowing, not later than 10:30 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Competitive Borrowing, and in the case of a Fixed Rate Borrowing, not later than 10:30 a.m., New York City time, on the proposed date of the Competitive Borrowing; that (i) the failure of the Borrower to give such Loan Notice shall be deemed to be a rejection of each Competitive Bid, (ii) the Borrower shall not accept a Competitive Bid in respect of any alternative made at a particular Competitive Bid Rate if the Borrower rejects a Competitive Bid made in respect of such alternative at a lower Competitive Bid Rate, (iii) the aggregate amount of the Competitive Bids accepted by the
provided
 
Borrower shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the requested Competitive Borrowing specified in the related Competitive Bid Request, (iv) to the extent necessary to comply with clause (iii) above, the Borrower may accept Competitive Bids at the same Competitive Bid Rate in part, which acceptance, in the case of multiple Competitive Bids at such Competitive Bid Rate, shall be made pro rata in accordance with the amount of each such Competitive Bid, and (v) except pursuant to clause (iv) above, no Competitive Bid shall be accepted for a Competitive Advance unless such Competitive Advance is in a minimum principal amount of $5,000,000 and an integral multiple of $1,000,000; that if a Competitive Advance must be in an amount less than $5,000,000 because of the provisions of clause (iv) above, such Competitive Advance may be for a minimum of $1,000,000 or any integral multiple thereof, and in calculating the pro rata allocation of acceptances of portions of multiple Competitive Bids at a particular Competitive Bid Rate pursuant to clause (iv) above the amounts shall be rounded to integral multiples of $1,000,000 in a manner determined by the Borrower. A Loan Notice given by the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable.
provided
further
(e) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each bidding Lender by telecopy whether or not its Competitive Bid has been accepted (and, if so, the amount and Competitive Bid Rate so accepted), and each successful bidder will thereupon become bound, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, to make the Competitive Advance in respect of which its Competitive Bid has been accepted.
(f) If the Administrative Agent shall elect to submit a Competitive Bid in its capacity as a Lender, it shall submit such Competitive Bid directly to the Borrower at least one quarter of an hour earlier than the time by which the other Lenders are required to submit their Competitive Bids to the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section.
Section 2.05 . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees to make Swing Line Loans denominated in dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swing Line Loans exceeding $50,000,000 or (ii) the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances exceeding the Aggregate Commitments; that the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to, but may make Swing Line Loans to refinance outstanding Swing Line Loans. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swing Line Loans. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $500,000 and not less than $1,000,000; that a Swing Line Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as contemplated by .
Swing Line Loans
provided
provided
Section 2.06(e)
(b) To request a Swing Line Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy), not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swing Line Borrowing. Each such Loan Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swing Line Borrowing. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swing Line Lender of any such Loan Notice received from the Borrower. The Swing
 
Line Lender shall, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in , make the Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with the Swing Line Lender (or, in the case of a Swing Line Borrowing made to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as provided in , by remittance to the L/C Issuer) by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swing Line Borrowing.
Section 4.02
Section 2.06(e)
(c) The Swing Line Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of such Swing Line Lender's Swing Line Loans outstanding. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swing Line Lender, such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and shall apply, , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swing Line Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swing Line Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swing Line Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swing Line Lender. Any amounts received by the Swing Line Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swing Line Loan after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swing Line Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swing Line Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.
Section 2.07
Section 2.07
mutatis
mutandis
Section 2.06 . (a) (i) . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this , that the Borrower may request the issuance of standby Letters of Credit denominated in dollars, for its own account, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
Letters of Credit
General
Section 2.06
 
(i) The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit, if:
(A) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date;
(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date;
(C) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the L/C Exposure exceeds or would exceed $100,000,000;
(D) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances exceeds or would exceed the Aggregate Commitments; or
(E) the currency requested for such Letter of Credit is anything other than dollars.
(ii) The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws or one or more policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;
(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000;
 
(D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than dollars;
(E) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or
(F) a default of any Lender's obligations to fund under exists or any Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless the L/C Issuer has entered into satisfactory arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer's risk with respect to such Lender.
Section 2.06(d)
(iii) The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.
(iv) The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.
(v) The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term "Administrative Agent" as used in included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuer.
Article VIII
Article VIII
(b) .
Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions
(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer the following: (A) the proposed
 
issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer the following: (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.
(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with the L/C Issuer's usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender's Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit.
Article IV
(iii) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.
(c) . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the L/C Issuer or the Lenders, the L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from the L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender's Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of
Participations
 
Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the L/C Issuer, the Lender's Applicable Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by such L/C Issuer and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
(d) . If the L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such L/C Disbursement is made, if the Borrower shall have received notice of such L/C Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Borrower prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on (i) the Business Day the Borrower receives such notice if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than $5,000,000 or $1,000,000, respectively, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with or that such payment be financed with a Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower's obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing or Swing Line Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender's Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and shall apply, , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the L/C Issuer or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the L/C Issuer, then to such Lenders and the L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement (other than the funding of Base Rate Loan Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement.
Reimbursement
provided
Section 2.03
2.05
Section 2.07
Section 2.07
mutatis
mutandis
(e) . The Borrower's obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and
Obligations Absolute
 
irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower's obligations hereunder, or (v) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the L/C Issuer, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the L/C Issuer; that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the L/C Issuer's failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the L/C Issuer, the L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.
provided
(f) . The L/C Issuer shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether the L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the L/C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement.
Disbursement Procedures
provided
 
(g) . If the L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loan Revolving Loans; that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the L/C Issuer shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
Interim Interest
provided
Section 2.13(d)
(h) . The L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by such successor L/C Issuer thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term "L/C Issuer" shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous L/C Issuer, or to such successor and all previous L/C Issuers, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.
Replacement of an L/C Issuer
Section 2.12(b)
(i) . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to the L/C Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of . Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower's risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the L/C Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, be applied to satisfy other obligations of the
Cash Collateralization
provided
Article VII
 
Borrower under this Agreement. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.
(j) . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit.
Applicability of ISP
(k) . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the "") for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.
Letter of Credit Fees
Letter of Credit Fee
(l) . The Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum specified in the Fee Letter, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of the L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer
Section 2.07 . (a) . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Alternative Currency Loans, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent's Office in dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Alternative Currency Loans shall be made to the
Payments Generally; Administrative Agent's Clawback
General
 
Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent's Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender's Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 12:00 noon, in the case of payments in dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
(b) (i) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by ) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent
Section 2.03
Section 2.03
(ii) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower
Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent
 
prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
(c) . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent
Article II
Article IV
(d) . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under .
Obligations of Lenders Several
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
(e) . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
Funding Source
Section 2.08 . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Loan Notice and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Loan Notice. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate
Interest Elections
 
Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Competitive Borrowings or Swing Line Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.
(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under (immediately followed by a Loan Notice) if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request and corresponding written Loan Notice shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower.
Section 2.03
(c) Each telephonic Interest Election Request and subsequent written Loan Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with:
Section 2.02
(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing; and
(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period".
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's duration in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing.
(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender's portion of each resulting Borrowing.
(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing denominated in dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Alternative Currency Borrowing, then such Alternative Currency Borrowing shall, at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, become due and payable. Notwithstanding any contrary
 
provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
Section 2.09 . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Maturity Date.
Termination and Reduction of Commitments
(b) The Borrower may on three Business Days' notice at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with , the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances would exceed the Aggregate Commitments.
provided
Section 2.11
(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments.
provided
Section 2.10 . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made by such Lender on the Maturity Date, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Competitive Advance on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan and (iii) to the Swing Line Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan made by the Swing Line Lender on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the first date after the Swing Line Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month and is at least four Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made; that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing or Competitive Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swing Line Loans then outstanding.
Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
provided
(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from
 
each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof.
(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
prima
facie
provided
(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to ) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
Section 9.04
Section 2.11 . (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section; that the Borrower shall not have the right to prepay any Competitive Advance without the prior consent of the Lender thereof.
Prepayment of Loans
provided
(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Borrowing, the Swing Line Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment under paragraph (a) above or to comply with paragraph (c) below or with (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Base Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with . Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in
Section 2.20(b)
provided
Section 2.09(c)
Section 2.09(c)
 
the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in . Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by .
Section 2.02
Section 2.13
(c) In the event of any termination of the Commitments, the Borrower shall on the date of such termination reduce the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure to zero and prepay all outstanding Competitive Advances.
Section 2.12 . In addition to certain fees described in :
Fees
Section 2.06
(a) . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee in dollars equal to the Applicable Rate the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage. The facility fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period (and thereafter so long as any Loans, Swing Line Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). On each such payment date, the amount of facility fee which has accrued to but excluding such payment date shall be due and payable. The facility fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.
Facility Fee
times
Article IV
(b) . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a utilization fee in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate times the Total Outstandings on each day that the Total Outstandings exceed 50% of the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments then in effect (or, if terminated, in effect immediately prior to such termination). The utilization fee shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period. The utilization fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears. The utilization fee shall accrue at all times, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in is not met.
Utilization Fee
Article IV
(c) . (i) The Borrower shall pay fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter and in hereof. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
Other Fees
Section 2.06
(ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders, in dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
 
Section 2.13 . (a) The Loans comprising each Base Rate Loan Borrowing (including each Swing Line Loan) shall bear interest at the Base Rate.
Interest
(b) The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing shall bear interest (i) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Loan, at the Eurocurrency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing the Applicable Rate, or (ii) in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Advance, at the LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing (or minus, as applicable) the Margin applicable to such Loan.
plus
plus
(c) Each Fixed Rate Loan shall bear interest at the Fixed Rate applicable to such Loan.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section or, if higher, in the case of any amount denominated in a Alternative Currency, the cost to the Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, of maintaining such outstanding amount in the applicable currency.
(e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an Base Rate Loan Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment, (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion and (iv) all accrued interest shall be payable upon termination of the Commitments. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
provided
(f) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to (i) the Base Rate at times when the Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate and (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans are denominated in British Pounds Sterling or Yen shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Base Rate, Eurocurrency Rate or LIBO Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Section 2.14 . If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing:
Alternate Rate of Interest
 
(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurocurrency Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for Loans denominated in the currency of such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders (or, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Advance, the Lender that is required to make such Loan) that the Eurocurrency Rate or the LIBO Rate, as applicable, for Loans denominated in the currency of such Borrowing for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; or
(c) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that deposits in the applicable currency in the principal amounts of the Loans comprising such Borrowing are not generally available in the London interbank market or any other market in which the Lenders shall be funding such Loans;
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Borrowing in the affected currency shall be ineffective, (ii) if the affected currency is dollars and any Loan Notice requests a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as a Base Rate Loan Borrowing, (iii) if any Loan Notice requests a Alternative Currency Borrowing denominated in the affected currency, such request shall be ineffective and (iv) if the affected currency is dollars, any request by the Borrower for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Borrowing shall be ineffective; that (A) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice do not affect all the Lenders, then requests by the Borrower for Eurocurrency Rate Loan Competitive Borrowings may be made to Lenders that are not affected thereby and (B) if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then the other Type of Borrowings shall be permitted.
provided
Section 2.15 . (a) If any Change in Law shall:
Increased Costs
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Eurocurrency Rate) or the L/C Issuer; or
(ii) impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Fixed Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Fixed Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or the L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
(b) If any Lender or the L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's capital or on the capital of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the L/C Issuer to a level below that which such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's policies and the policies of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c) A certificate of a Lender or the L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's right to demand such compensation; that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's or the L/C Issuer's intention to claim compensation therefor; that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
provided
provided
further
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, a Lender shall not be entitled to compensation pursuant to this Section in respect of any Competitive Advance if the Change in Law that would otherwise entitle it to such compensation shall have been publicly announced prior to submission of the Competitive Bid pursuant to which such Loan was made.
 
Section 2.16 . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Fixed Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under and is revoked in accordance therewith), (d) the failure to borrow any Competitive Advance after accepting the Competitive Bid to make such Loan, or (e) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Fixed Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Eurocurrency Rate (in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan) that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
Break Funding Payments
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.19
Section 2.17 . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes; that if the Borrower shall be required to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or L/C Issuer (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Taxes
provided
(b) In addition, the Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the L/C Issuer within 10 Business Days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, on or with respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) and any penalties, interest and reasonable
 
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the L/C Issuer, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments under this Agreement shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a resident for tax purposes in the United States, any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable:
(i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party,
(ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,
(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a "bank" within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a "controlled foreign corporation" described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, or
 
(iv) any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.
Section 2.18 . (a) Except as may be reasonably specified on reasonable notice by the Administrative Agent as it from time to time deems necessary or appropriate with respect to any Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of L/C Disbursements, or of amounts payable under , or , or otherwise) from a location in the United States of America prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Office, except payments to be made directly to the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to , , and shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, as the case may be.
Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs
Section 2.15
2.16
2.17
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed L/C Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed L/C Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed L/C Disbursements then due to such parties.
(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in L/C Disbursements or Swing Line Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans; that (i) if any such
provided
 
participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in L/C Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the L/C Issuer with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.
(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to , or , or , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender's obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.
Section 2.05(c)
2.06(d)
(e)
2.07(b)
2.18(c)
Section 2.19 . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to or , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
Section 2.15
2.17
(b) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , or if any Lender defaults in its obligation
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
 
to fund Loans hereunder, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in ), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement (other than any outstanding Competitive Advances held by it) to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Commitment is being assigned, the L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender), which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans (other than Competitive Advances) and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
Section 9.04
provided
Section 2.15
Section 2.20 . (a) On each Calculation Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to each Alternative Currency and (ii) give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant Calculation Date (each a ""), shall remain effective until the next succeeding Reset Date and shall during the period of their effectiveness be employed in making any computation of currency equivalents required to be made under this Agreement (other than any computation required under ). Not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Reset Date, on the date of each Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Dollar Equivalents of each Alternative Currency Loan then outstanding (after giving effect to any Alternative Currency Loan made or repaid on such date) and (ii) notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the results of such determination.
Currency Equivalents; Currency Fluctuations
Reset Date
Section 9.14
(b) If on any Reset Date or on the date of any Borrowing (after giving effect to any Loans to be made or repaid on such date and to any increase or decrease in the L/C Exposure to occur on such date) (i) the Alternative Currency Exposure exceeds $200,000,000 or (ii) the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances exceeds the Aggregate Commitments, then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of such excess. Not later than four Business Days after receiving such notice the Borrower shall reduce the Alternative Currency Exposure or the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure, as applicable, by an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess; prior to the elimination of (A) any such excess described in clause (i), no further Loans may be made denominated in any currency other than dollars and (B) any such excess described in clause (ii), no further Loans may be made and no new Letter of Credit may be issued. If, as a result of currency exchange rate fluctuations, the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding
 
Competitive Advances shall exceed the Aggregate Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay the Loans as necessary to eliminate such excess at the end of applicable interest periods or, if the Dollar Equivalent of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure plus the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Competitive Advances exceeds 105% of the Aggregate Commitments, at other times.
Section 2.21 . (a) The Borrower may at any time, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, request Additional Credit Commitments from one or more Additional Credit Lenders, which may include any existing Lender; that at no time shall the aggregate amount of Additional Credit Commitments effected pursuant to this paragraph exceed $200,000,000; that each Additional Credit Lender (and any increase in the Commitment of an Additional Credit Lender that is an existing Lender) shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuer (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld). Each such notice shall set forth (A) the amount of the Additional Credit Commitments being requested (which shall be in a minimum amount of $50,000,000) and (B) the date on which such Additional Credit Commitments are requested to become effective (which shall not be less than ten business days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the applicable Additional Credit Lender) nor more than 45 days after the date of such notice (an "")).
Increase in Revolving Commitments
provided
provided further
Increase Effective Date
(b) The Borrower and each Person that in its sole discretion agrees to be an Additional Credit Lender in accordance with paragraph (a) above shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Additional Credit Assumption Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Additional Credit Commitment of such Additional Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Additional Credit Assumption Agreement. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Additional Credit Assumption Agreement, each such Additional Credit Lender shall, to the extent not an existing Lender, become a Lender hereunder and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Additional Credit Commitment evidenced thereby.
(c) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may take any and all actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that, after giving effect to any Additional Credit Commitment pursuant to this , the outstanding Revolving Loans (if any) are held by the Lenders in accordance with their new pro rata percentages. This may be accomplished at the discretion of the Administrative Agent (A) by requiring the outstanding Revolving Loans to be prepaid with the proceeds of a new Borrowing, (B) by causing the existing Lenders to assign portions of their outstanding Loans to Additional Credit Lenders, which assignments shall be deemed to be effective pursuant to or (C) by any combination of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to eliminate any break funding liability of the Borrower, if, upon the date that any Additional Credit Commitment becomes effective pursuant to this , there is an unpaid principal amount of Revolving Loans to the Borrower, the principal outstanding amount of all such Revolving Loans shall (x) in the case of such Revolving Loans which are Base Rate Loans, be immediately prepaid by the Borrower (but all such Revolving Loans may, on the terms and conditions hereof,
Section 2.21
Section 9.04
Section 2.21
 
be reborrowed on such date on a pro rata basis, based on the revised Commitments as then in effect) and (y) in the case of such Revolving Loans which are Eurocurrency Rate Loans, continue to remain outstanding (notwithstanding any other requirement in this Agreement that such Revolving Loans be held on a pro rata basis based on the revised Commitments as then in effect) until the end of the then current Interest Period therefor, at which time such Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be paid by the Borrower to the Revolving Lenders on a pro rata basis, based on their Commitments (if any) immediately prior to giving effect to any Additional Credit Commitments (but all such Revolving Loans may, on the terms and conditions hereof, be reborrowed on such date on a pro rata basis, based on the Commitments as then in effect); provided, further, however, that if any Event of Default occurs prior to the end of the then current Interest Period for any such outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Loan, each Additional Credit Lender will promptly purchase assignments of each such Eurocurrency Rate Loan at par (which assignments shall be deemed effective under ) in such amounts so that immediately after giving effect thereto, such Revolving Eurocurrency Rate Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their Commitments (including the Additional Credit Commitments).
Section 9.04
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Additional Credit Commitment shall become effective under this unless on the date of such effectiveness, the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of shall be satisfied and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
Section 2.21
Section 4.02
Section 2.22 . (a) The Borrower may by written notice (an "") delivered to the Administrative Agent not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (the "") request a one-year extension of the Existing Maturity Date, that the Maturity Date may not be extended beyond September 30, 2014. Any such notice shall specify any fees that the Borrower agrees to pay as consideration for such extension. Any extension of an Existing Maturity Date shall become effective hereunder if consented to by the Required Extension Lenders pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section and if (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of the Extension Notice or the Existing Maturity Date, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in shall be true and correct in all material respects as if made on the date of such Extension Notice and the Existing Maturity Date, and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Existing Maturity Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence.
Extension of Maturity Date
Extension Notice
Existing Maturity Date
provided
Article III
(b) The effectiveness of any extension of the Maturity Date shall require the prior written consent of the Required Extension Lenders, each Lender participating in such extension of the Maturity Date and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish a copy of the Extension Notice to each Lender, and shall request that each Lender either agree to such extension or not agree thereto not later than 20 days prior to the Existing Maturity Date. Any Lender not responding within the above time period shall be deemed not to have consented to such extension. The decision to agree or withhold agreement to any extension of the Maturity Date hereunder shall be at the sole discretion of each Lender. The
 
Commitment of any Lender that has declined to agree to any requested extension of the Maturity Date (a "") shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date, and the principal amount of any outstanding Loans made by such Lender, together with any accrued interest thereon, and any accrued fees and other amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender hereunder, shall be due and payable on the Existing Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Borrower shall have the right, pursuant to , to replace a Non-Consenting Lender with a Lender or other financial institution that will assume the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender and agree to an extension of the Maturity Date.
Non-Consenting Lender
Section 2.19(b)
The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:
Section 3.01 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.
Organization; Powers
Section 3.02 . The Transactions are within the Borrower's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Authorization; Enforceability
Section 3.03 . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate in any material respect any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violation by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate in any material respect or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, other than any such violation or default by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations and defaults by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries.
Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts
 
Section 3.04 . (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2007, each certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP, subject to audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change
(b) There has been no material adverse change with respect to the business, operations, performance, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since December 31, 2006.
Section 3.05 . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.
Properties
(b) Except for Disclosed Matters, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and other intellectual property (other than patents) material to its business without written notice of conflict with the rights of any other Person, except for any such conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except for Disclosed Matters, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is aware of any claim that its products or services infringe any third party patent, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.06 . (a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings or ongoing investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against, nor has the Borrower received written notice threatening any action, suit, proceeding or investigation against or affecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (i) which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
Litigation and Environmental Matters
(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.
(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 3.07 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing.
Compliance with Laws and Agreements
Section 3.08 . Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries is an "investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Investment Company Status
Section 3.09 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves.
Taxes
Section 3.10 . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than 15%.
ERISA
Section 3.11 . The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information, including the Information Memorandum, furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), as of the date furnished or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Disclosure
provided
Section 3.12 . (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock.
Federal Reserve Regulations
(b) No Letter of Credit and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or
 
carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or (ii) for any purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof.
Section 3.13 . The Letters of Credit and the proceeds of the Loans will be used only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, including acquisitions, subject to the limitations set forth in .
Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit
Section 6.05
Section 3.14 . As of the date hereof, the Persons listed on are the only Subsidiaries and the Subsidiaries indicated on such schedule to be Material Subsidiaries are the only Material Subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.14
Section 4.01 . The obligation of the L/C Issuer and each of the Lenders to make their initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions of Initial Credit Extension
(a) The Administrative Agent's receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:
(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower;
(ii) an original Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note;
(iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer on behalf of such Loan Party in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;
(iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrower and Guarantors is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably
 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, including, certified copies of the Borrower's Organization Documents, certificates of good standing and/or qualification to engage in business and tax clearance certificates;
(v) favorable written opinions addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated as of the Closing date of (i) Margaret A. Treese, Assistant Secretary of the Borrower and (ii) Sidley Austin LLP, special counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the forms set forth in Exhibits B-1 and B-2, respectively, and covering such other matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders shall reasonable request;
(vi) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals of Governmental Authorities and other Persons required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and, required in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required;
(vii) copies of the financial statements referred to in and , and a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in and  have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2006, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and (C) compliance with and as of the most recent fiscal quarter end; and
Sections 5.01(a)
(b)
Sections 4.02(a)
(b)
Section 6.11
6.12
(viii) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or the Required Lenders reasonably may require.
(b) Any fees and expenses required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid.
(c) The Spin-Off shall have been completed.
(d) The Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings ( that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent).
provided
 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
Section 9.02
Section 4.01
Section 4.02 . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans), an Extension Notice in accordance with or a request for Additional Credit Commitments in accordance with is subject to the following conditions precedent:
Conditions to all Credit Extensions
Section 2.22
Section 2.21
(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, any Extension Notice and any Increase Effective Date, (i) except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, (ii) except that for purposes of this , the representations and warranties contained in shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of and (iii) together with any additional items that will be disclosed on updated Schedules delivered on the next scheduled delivery date, as to which the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent in writing.
Article V
Section 4.02
Section 3.04
Section 5.01
(b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof, extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with or increase in Aggregate Commitments in accordance with .
Section 2.22
Section 2.21
(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, shall have received a Request for Credit Extension, the certificate referred to in with respect to an Extension Notice or the certificate referred to in with respect to any increase in Aggregate Commitments, as applicable, in accordance with the requirements hereof.
Section 2.22(a)
Section 2.21(d)
(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as the Required Lenders, through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request.
Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans), certificate referred to in with respect to an Extension Notice and certificate referred to in with respect to any increase in the Aggregate Commitments, as applicable, submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the
Section 2.22(a)
Section 2.21(d)
 
conditions specified in and  have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension, the effective date of an Extension Notice or the Increase Effective Date, as applicable.
Sections 4.02(a)
(b)
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all L/C Disbursements have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 5.01 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
Financial Statements and Other Information
(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers, L.L.P., or other independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing (without a "going concern" or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;
(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Responsible Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations (A) of the components of the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal period in
 
respect of which such financial statements are being delivered and (B) confirming compliance with and and each other provision of imposing a numerical limit, and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements referred to in and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
Sections 6.11
6.12
Article VI
Section 3.04
(d) concurrently with any delivery of consolidated financial statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their audit of such consolidated financial statements of any Default insofar as it relates to accounting matters (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines);
(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; and
(f) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
Section 5.02 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:
Notices of Material Events
(a) the occurrence of any Default;
(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $25,000,000; and
(d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or
 
development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.
Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, "") by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the "") and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a "") may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons' securities. Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked "PUBLIC" which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word "PUBLIC" shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (ii) by marking Borrower Materials "PUBLIC," the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (, , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in ); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked "PUBLIC" are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated "Public Investor;" and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked "PUBLIC" as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated "Public Investor." Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower shall be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials "PUBLIC."
Borrower Materials
Platform
Public Lender
provided
however
Section 9.12
Section 5.03 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under .
Existence; Conduct of Business
provided
Section 6.04
Section 5.04 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Payment of Obligations
Section 5.05 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the
Maintenance of Properties; Insurance
 
same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations (after giving effect to customary self insurance).
Section 5.06 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities (including with respect to ERISA if applicable). The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested.
Books and Records; Inspection Rights
Section 5.07 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including ERISA if applicable) of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except such as may be contested by the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist and except for noncompliance by any Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all noncompliance by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws
Section 5.08 . Within 60 days after the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Material Subsidiary by any Loan Party, the Borrower shall, at the Borrower's expense, (a) cause such Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Material Subsidiary shall join as a party to the Guaranty (or execute and deliver a separate new Guaranty substantially in the form of the existing Guaranty), and (b) if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, deliver to the Administrative Agent, a signed copy of a favorable opinion of counsel for the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (certain of which opinions, in the Administrative Agent's discretion, may be given by in-house counsel) as to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Material Subsidiaries
Section 5.09 . The proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not in contravention of any Law or any Loan Document.
Use of Proceeds
 
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all L/C Disbursements have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 6.01 . The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:
Subsidiary Indebtedness
(a) the Obligations;
(b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary;
(c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted under this Agreement;
(d) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit;
(e) Indebtedness of a special purpose subsidiary which is established for the purpose of issuing Indebtedness guaranteed by the Borrower and which does not own any material assets other than an intercompany loan(s) to the Borrower; and
(f) other Indebtedness of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that, when aggregated (without duplication) with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (c) of with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to clause (b) of and with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to clause (a) of does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.02,
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 5.01
Section 6.02 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:
Liens
(a) Permitted Encumbrances;
 
(b) filings of UCC financing statements or other similar filings in foreign jurisdictions with respect to Non-Recourse Receivables Sales permitted by ; and
Section 6.05
(c) other Liens not otherwise permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that when aggregated (without duplication) with all Indebtedness incurred under clause (e) of with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to clause (b) of and with the any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to clause (a) of does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.01,
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 5.01
Section 6.03 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into or permit to exist any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred; , , that, notwithstanding the above, the Borrower or any Subsidiary may engage in or permit to exist (a) any sale and leaseback of the San Diego Facility, that if the Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith exceeds $100,000,000, the amount of such Attributable Indebtedness in excess of $100,000,000 (the "") shall be included in the calculations set forth in , and clause (b) of this , and (b) any other sale and leaseback transaction if, immediately after the consummation of such transaction, the aggregate outstanding amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with all sale and leaseback transactions referred to in this clause (b) of , when aggregated (without duplication) with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred under clause (a) of this , all Indebtedness incurred under clause (e) of and with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (c) of , does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to . In addition, and notwithstanding the above, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, free from the restriction contained in this Section, lease back all or a portion of real property (and any related personal property or fixtures) sold by it, that such lease is for a term not in excess of six months and such sale is not entered into for financing purposes.
Sale and Leaseback Transactions
provided
however
provided
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.01(f)
Section 6.02(c)
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 6.01
Section 6.02
Section 5.01
provided
Section 6.04 . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of the Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person may merge into
Fundamental Changes
 
the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Person may merge into any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary and any Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or any other Material Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary may merge into any Material Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Material Subsidiary and (v) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and any distribution or other transfer of assets in connection with such liquidation or dissolution is made to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in an amount consistent with such Person's ownership percentage of the Subsidiary being dissolved or liquidated.
(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any line of business material to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than businesses currently conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and businesses in the information technologies or computer industries and businesses reasonably related thereto.
Section 6.05 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or a substantial portion of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired), except that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (i) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory as a part of the outsourcing of a manufacturing activity previous conducted by the Borrower pursuant to which the Borrower or the Subsidiaries intend to repurchase substantially all of such inventory (or goods manufactured therewith) for resale to customers, (ii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory and obsolete equipment, in the ordinary course of business, (iii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any individual transaction not related to any other such transaction if the aggregate fair market value of the assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in such transaction is less than $5,000,000, (iv) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in any transaction permitted by , (v) sell accounts receivable in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, that the aggregate amount of accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries which shall have been sold in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales pursuant to this during any fiscal quarter shall not exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of the amount equal to the aggregate amount outstanding of all accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter plus the aggregate amount of such accounts receivable sold during such quarter in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, and (vi) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any other transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement, that the aggregate book value of all assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in transactions under this clause (vi) shall not when taken together at the time of each such sale, lease or other disposition exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to at such time.
Asset Sales
Section 6.04(a)(iii)
provided
Section 6.05
provided
Section 5.01
 
Section 6.06 . No Credit Extension will be used, (a) whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or (ii) for any purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof, or (b) directly or through any Subsidiary, to finance any Unfriendly Acquisition, or (c) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default, to finance any Acquisition.
Margin Stock; Unfriendly Acquisitions
Section 6.07 . The Borrower will not change its fiscal year end from December 31.
Fiscal Year
Section 6.08 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on (but shall apply to any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (vi) the foregoing shall not apply to such restrictions and conditions applicable to any Subsidiary acquired after the date hereof if such restrictions and conditions existed at the time such Subsidiary was acquired and were not created in anticipation of such acquisition and (vii) the foregoing shall not apply to one or more Subsidiaries having any such restriction or condition so long as any such Subsidiary is not a Material Subsidiary, and each such Subsidiary together with all other such Subsidiaries in the aggregate shall not account for more than 10% of the gross revenues for the most recently ended fiscal year of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Restrictive Agreements
provided
Schedule 6.08
Section 6.09 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary (each, a ""), whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms' length transaction with a Person other than a Non-Material Subsidiary.
Transactions with Non-Material Subsidiaries
Non-Material Subsidiary
 
Section 6.10 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, hold any Investments, except (a) Investments permitted under and/or and (b) other Investments that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Investments
Section 6.01
Section 6.06
Section 6.11 . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Cash Interest Expense for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be less than 3.00 to 1.00.
Cash Interest Coverage Ratio
Section 6.12 . The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be more than 3.00 to 1.00.
Leverage Ratio
Section 7.01 . If any of the following events ("") shall occur:
Events of Default
Events of Default
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any L/C Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this ) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five days;
Article VII
(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;
(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in or (with respect to the Borrower's existence) or in ;
Section 5.02
5.03
Article VI
(e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);
 
(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be in default with respect to any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness;
(g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof prior to its scheduled maturity and any applicable grace period specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing such Material Indebtedness shall have expired or there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (i) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (ii) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $50,000,000; that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted under ;
provided
Section 6.05
(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
(i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
(j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;
 
(k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or (ii) any non-monetary judgment, order or decree is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary which does or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect;
(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(m) a Change in Control shall occur; or
(n) any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract), at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract); or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract); , that this provision shall not apply to (i) any event described in this clause (n) arising with respect to any former Loan Party that ceased to be a Loan Party in a manner permitted hereunder before such event occurred and (ii) any Swap Contract (which shall be governed by hereof);
provided
Section 7.01(g)
then the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders or upon the occurrence of an event described in the proviso to , shall, take any or all of the actions described in .
Section 7.02
Section 7.02
Section 7.02 . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
Remedies Upon Event of Default
(a) declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any
 
other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;
(c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and
(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under the Loan Documents;
, , that upon the occurrence of any event described in or with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
provided
however
Section 7.01(h)
Section 7.01(i)
Section 7.03 . After the exercise of remedies provided for in (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to ), any amounts received by the Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
Application of Funds
Section 7.02
Section 7.02
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under ) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;
First
Article II
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, Letter of Credit Fees and Commitment Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuer (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or the L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;
Second
Article II
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees, Commitment Fees and interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;
Third
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;
Fourth
 
, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit; and
Fifth
, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
Last
Subject to , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied in the order set forth above.
Section 2.06(d)
Fifth
Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, and neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.
The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in ), that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of
Section 9.02
provided
 
the Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in ) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or, except as provided in clause (v) below, conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
Section 9.02
Article IV
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Credit Extension, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or the L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Credit Extension. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which
 
shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
provided
Section 9.03
Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor or an affiliate thereof shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its
 
own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
The banks (or Affiliates thereof) identified in this Agreement as a "syndication agent," "documentation agent" or "book manager" or Arrangers shall not have any right, power, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all banks herein.
In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise.
(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent under , and ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
Sections 2.06
2.12
9.03
(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under and .
Sections 2.12
9.03
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.
The Lenders and the L/C Issuer irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder.
 
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent's authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this .
Article VIII
Section 9.01 .
Notices
(a) . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
General
(1) if to the Borrower, Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender or L/C Issuer, to the notice address set forth on ; and
Schedule 9.01
(2) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.
(b) . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to if such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
Electronic Communications
provided
Article II
provided
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at
provided
 
its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.
(c) . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the "") have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower's or the Administrative Agent's transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; , , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).
The Platform
Agent Parties
provided
however
(d) . Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the "Private Side Information" or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender's compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the "Public Side Information" portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.
Change of Address, Etc
(e) .The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Borrowing Requests and Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were
Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders
 
incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
Section 9.02 . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.
Waivers; Amendments
(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified, except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender or increase the Swing Line Commitment of any Swing Line Lender without the written consent of such Swing Line Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or L/C Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, or change the manner of computation of any financial ratio (including any change in any applicable defined term) used in determining the Applicable Rate that would result in a reduction of any interest rate on any Loan or Letter of Credit or any fee payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or L/C Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change or  in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) waive any condition set forth in without the written consent of each Lender, or (vii) release the Guarantors from the Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or
provided
Section 2.18(b)
(c)
Section 4.01(a)
provided further
 
duties of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended to extend the Maturity Date or to provide for Additional Credit Commitments in the manner contemplated by and and without any additional consents.
Sections 2.21
2.22
Section 9.03 . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel (including the allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel), in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel (including, in the case of the Administrative Agent, allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel) for the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto,
Indemnitee
IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR
 
; that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.
ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE
provided
(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such.
provided
(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
(f) The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
Section 9.04 . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the L/C Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this , or (ii) by way
Successors and Assigns
Section 9.04
 
of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the L/C Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Section 9.04
(b) Any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it); that (i) each of the Borrower (except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender), the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, (iii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, except that this clause (iii) shall not apply to rights in respect of outstanding Competitive Advances, (iv) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, (v) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Related Parties or its securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee's compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws and (vi) no such assignment shall be made to any Person that, through its lending offices, is not capable of lending the applicable Alternative Currencies to the relevant Borrowers without the imposition of any additional Indemnified Taxes; and that any consent of the Borrower otherwise required under this paragraph shall not be required if an Event of Default under has occurred and is continuing. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder, to the extent not already a party hereto, shall become a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have (in addition to any such rights and obligations theretofore held by it) the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of , , and ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section.
provided
provided
further
Article VII
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
 
(c) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in The City of New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and L/C Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the L/C Issuer and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
(d) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
(e) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans and L/C Disbursements owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (f) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of , and to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant, if notice of such Participant is given to the Borrower, also shall be entitled to the benefits of as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to as though it were a Lender.
Participant
provided
provided
Section 9.02(b)
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
Section 9.08
Section 2.18(c)
(f) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender
 
if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with as though it were a Lender.
Section 2.17
Section 2.17(e)
(g) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
provided
(h) The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 9.05 . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any L/C Disbursement or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of , , and and shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans and L/C Disbursements, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Survival
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
Article VIII
Section 9.06 . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, any notes issued pursuant to it and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
Section 4.01
 
thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Section 9.07 . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Severability
Section 9.08 . (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender and the L/C Issuer under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender and the L/C Issuer may have.
Right of Setoff; Payments Set Aside
(b) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
Section 9.09 . (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York
 
sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Section 9.01
Section 9.10 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
Section 9.11 . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
Headings
Section 9.12 . (a) Each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by
Confidentiality
 
any regulatory authority, (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which event, the party receiving such subpoena or legal process will, if permitted, as promptly as practicable give notice thereof to the Borrower and use reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, to cooperate with the Borrower in seeking a protective order), (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section and naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary (in the absence of a provision naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary, the applicable Lender hereby agrees to use its reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower to enforce such agreement), to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any counterparty to, or any prospective counterparty to (or such counterparty or prospective counterparty's advisors), any swap, securitization or derivative transaction referenced to credit or other risks arising under this Agreement, (vii) with the consent of the Borrower or (viii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower not known by it to be bound by obligations of confidentiality. For the purposes of this Section, "" means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
Information
provided
(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN
SECTION 9.12(a)
 
ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
Section 9.13 . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the ""), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the "") which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate.
Interest Rate Limitation
Charges
Maximum Rate
Section 9.14 . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given.
Judgment Currency
(b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the "") shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder.
Applicable Creditor
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
Section 9.14
Section 9.15 Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the ""), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.
USA Patriot Act.
Act
Section 9.16 . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates' understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm's-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent and either Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on October 1, 2007
(NYSE: NCR) today announced that it has completed the previously announced spin off of its Teradata Data Warehousing business through the distribution of a tax-free stock dividend to its stockholders. NCR distributed one share of common stock of Teradata for each share of NCR common stock to NCR stockholders of record as of the close of business on Sept. 14, 2007.
DAYTON, Ohio 
NCR Corporation
As a result of that distribution, NCR no longer owns shares of Teradata, and Teradata is an independent company. Beginning Oct. 1, 2007, Teradata common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and trades under the symbol "TDC."
"I am extremely grateful for the tremendous efforts all of our employees have made over the past nine months to realize this momentous event," said Bill Nuti, chairman, chief executive officer and president of NCR. "As Teradata moves forward as an independent company, we wish the talented Teradata team all the best as they continue to build on their position as a global leader in the enterprise data warehousing market.
"This is a very exciting time for NCR as we guide businesses through the evolving world of customer interactions  where point-of-service kiosks, Internet and mobile devices are rapidly becoming channels of choice for consumers," Nuti added. "NCR will leverage our expertise in the emerging self-service market and our market-leading technologies, including automated teller machines, retail assisted point-of-sale and self-checkout systems, automated bill payment systems and airline, hotel and hospital self-check-in/out kiosks, to enable businesses to better serve their customers how, when and where they choose."
About NCR Corporation
NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a global technology company leading the way businesses interact with customers. NCR's assisted- and self-service solutions and comprehensive support services address the needs of retail, financial, travel, healthcare, hospitality, gaming and public sector organizations in more than 100 countries. NCR () is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
www.ncr.com
Teradata is a registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause NCR's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties include those relating to: the separation of Teradata and NCR's other businesses, including the impact on NCR of operating without the Teradata business; the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers and other general economic and business conditions; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services (such as self-service technologies and enterprise data warehousing), including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; shifts in market demands, continued competitive factors and pricing pressures and their impact on our ability to improve gross margins and profitability, especially in our more mature offerings; the effect of currency translation; short product cycles, rapidly changing technologies and maintaining competitive leadership position with respect to our solution offerings; tax rates; ability to execute our business and reengineering plans; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees, especially in light of continued cost-control measures being taken by the company; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors detailed from time to time in the company's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reports and the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20071024073629.txt.gz
TIME:20071024073629
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
On October 22, 2007, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the election of David E. Kepler as a new director, effective as of November 1, 2007. Teradata expanded the size of the Board from six to seven to accommodate the addition of Mr. Kepler. Mr. Kepler will serve as a Class A director until the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until such time as his successor is duly elected and qualified or as otherwise provided in Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. He is an independent director, and there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Kepler and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Kepler was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving Mr. Kepler that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Effective on November 1, 2007, Mr. Kepler will participate in certain non-employee director compensation arrangements under the Teradata Corporation Director Compensation Program (the "Program") described in the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of Teradata. Under the terms of the Program, Mr. Kepler will receive an initial equity grant of restricted stock units, with each unit corresponding to a single share of the common stock of Teradata ("Common Stock"), such that the total dollar value of the grant is equal to $75,000. Mr. Kepler will also receive a mid-year equity award with a dollar value equal to $62,500, with 50% of such award to consist of stock options to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock and 50% of such award to consist of restricted stock units based on shares of Common Stock. In addition, Mr. Kepler will receive an annual retainer to be paid on a quarterly basis beginning on November 1, 2007, in the amount of $75,000, with an additional retainer amount of $5,000 for serving as a member of the Audit Committee, such amounts to be prorated for the portion of the 2007-2008 Board year to be served by Mr. Kepler.
Mr. Kepler was named as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board effective as of November 1, 2007. Also effective as of November 1, 2007, the membership of the committees of the Board is now as follows:
 
 
 
 
On October 23, 2007, Teradata issued a press release that announced the election of Mr. Kepler to the Board as of November 1, 2007, a copy of which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
On October 22, 2007, the Teradata Board approved the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Teradata Corporation (the "Amended and Restated Bylaws"). The effective date of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference, is October 22, 2007. The Bylaw amendments effect certain technical and other minor changes, including changes to provide greater clarity, to conform to recent amendments to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, to add flexibility with respect to certain corporate matters, and to remove inconsistencies between and among certain Bylaws and Teradata's Certificate of Incorporation. In particular, the following changes were made to the Bylaws:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Certain additional technical, clarifying and non-substantive amendments were also made to other provisions of the Amended and Restated Bylaws. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Amended and Restated Bylaws.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 3.2
Section 1. . The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.
Registered Office
Section 2. . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
Other Offices
Section 1. . Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Place of Meetings
Section 2. . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting of stockholders.
Annual Meetings
Section 3. . Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the ""), special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either the (i) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
Special Meetings
Certificate of Incorporation
Section 4. . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present in person and vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of any meeting shall be given either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission (if permitted under the circumstances by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL")) not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address at it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by means of electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the DGCL.
Notice
Section 5. . Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
Adjournments
Section 6. . Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporation's capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, either the chairman of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum.
Quorum
Section 7. . Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than the election of directors, shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question, voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 8 of this
Voting
 
Article II. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officer's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.
Section 8. . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such manner prescribed by the DGCL) by the stockholder, or by his or her duly authorized attorney in fact.
Proxies
Section 9. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and, as specified by the Certificate of Incorporation, the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied.
No Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting
Section 10. . The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.
List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote
Section 11. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; , , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Record Date
provided
however
Section 12. . The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by
Stock Ledger
 
Section 10 of this Article II or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.
Section 13. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall act as chairman of meetings of the stockholders. The Board of Directors may designate any other officer or director of the Corporation to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors may further provide for determining who shall act as chairman of any stockholders meeting in the absence of the Chairman and such designee. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, date and time.
Organization and Conduct of Meetings
Section 14. . In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector's ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.
Inspectors of Election
Section 15. . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 15 and on the record date for the determination of
Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders
 
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting, (ii) who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (iii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 15.
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment of a meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. For purposes of this Section 15 and Section 16, (x) the term "public disclosure" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "") and (y) the Corporation's annual meeting in 2007 shall be deemed to have occurred on April 26, 2007.
provided
however
Exchange Act
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such stockholder and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder and such beneficial owner in such business and (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 15. If the chairman of an annual meeting determines that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.
 
Section 16. . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (a) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 16 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, (b) who is entitled to vote at such meeting and (c) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 16.
Nomination of Directors
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever occurs first; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall the public disclosure of an adjournment of a meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
provided
however
Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public disclosure naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation on or before the tenth day before a stockholder's notice of nomination must be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the preceding paragraph, a stockholder's notice required by this Section shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day after the day on which such public disclosure is first made by the Corporation.
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (a) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (b) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (c) the class or series and number of shares of capital
 
stock (if any) of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by the person and (d) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (a) the name and record address of such stockholder and the name and address of such beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (b) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and beneficial owner and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder, (d) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and (e) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 16. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the Chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 15 and this Section 16, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in such sections. Nothing in such sections shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances.
Section 1. . The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, other than in a Contested Election of Directors (as defined below), directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. In a Contested Election of Directors, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors. The term "Contested Election of Directors" shall mean an annual or special meeting of the Corporation with respect to which (i) the Secretary of the Corporation receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated or intends to nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors
Number and Election of Directors
 
in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Article II, Section 16 of these By-Laws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day before the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. Stockholders shall be entitled to cast votes "against" nominees for director unless plurality voting applies in the election of directors.
A director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and thereafter until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Section 2. . Subject to the terms of any one or more classes or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor.
Vacancies
provided
Section 3. . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.
Duties and Powers
Section 4. . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, if there be one, or the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the entire Board of Directors, and shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as they or he or she shall specify. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to
Meetings
 
each director either by mail posted not less than five (5) days before the date of the meeting, by telephone, email, facsimile or telegram or other means of electronic communication delivered or sent not less than twelve (12) hours before the date and time of the meeting, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting, irrespective of whether such business is set forth in such notice.
Section 5. . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 6. . Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or upon the conditions therein specified or, if no time or conditions are specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Resignations and Removals of Directors
Section 7. . Except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.
Quorum
Section 8. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Actions of the Board by Written Consent
Section 9. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the
Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone
 
Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Section 10. . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required.
Committees
A majority of any committee may determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. Notice of such meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 4 of this Article. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent the Board of Directors from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation; , , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board of Directors.
provided
however
Section 11. . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee members. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.
Compensation
Section 12. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such director's or officer's vote is counted for such purpose if:
Interested Directors
 
(i) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.
Section 1. . The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director), a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.
General
Section 2. . The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders, as necessary, shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officer's successor is elected and qualified, or until such officer's earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
Election
Section 3. . Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power
Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation
 
incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Section 4. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 5. . The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall assume all of the duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors assigned by these By-Laws in the event of the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 6. . The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors and, if there be one, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these By-Laws, the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chief Executive Officer
Section 7. . At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon such office. The President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a President of a corporation.
President
Section 8. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Vice Presidents
Section 9. . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision the Secretary shall
Secretary
 
be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officer's signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.
Section 10. . The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.
Treasurer
Section 11. . Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretary's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.
Assistant Secretaries
Section 12. . Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurer's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer.
Assistant Treasurers
Section 13. . Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.
Other Officers
 
Section 1. . Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, each class or series of the shares of capital stock in the Corporation shall be issued in uncertificated form pursuant to the customary arrangements for issuing shares in such form. Shares shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by attorney upon presentment of proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer in accordance with the customary procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form.
Uncertificated Shares
Section 2. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
Dividend Record Date
Section 3. . The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.
Record Owners
Section 4. . The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Transfer and Registry Agents
Section 1. . Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors, such notice may be given either personally, by mail, facsimile, telegraph or other means of electronic communication or by other lawful means. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL.
Notices
Section 2. . Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a
Waivers of Notice
 
committee of the Board of Directors or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or a committee of the Board of Directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
Section 1. . Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 8 of Article III hereof), and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.
Dividends
Section 2. . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.
Disbursements
Section 3. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31
Fiscal Year
st
day of December in each year, or on such other day as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Section 4. . The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
Corporate Seal
Section 1. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation
 
shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful.
Section 2. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court") or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court or such other court shall deem proper.
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section 3. . To obtain indemnification under this By-Law, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances
Authorization of Indemnification
 
because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.
Section 4. . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any present or former director or officer may apply to the Delaware Court for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII if a claim for indemnification is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation. The basis of such indemnification by the Delaware Court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 4 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. If successful, in whole or in part, the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.
Indemnification by a Court
Section 5. . Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a present or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by other employees or agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate.
Expenses Payable in Advance
Section 6. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of
Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
 
Incorporation, these By-Laws, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise.
Section 7. . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.
Insurance
Section 8. . For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. The term "another enterprise" as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VIII.
Certain Definitions
Section 9. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. No repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such repeal or modification.
Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
 
Section 10. . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 4 of this Article VIII) or advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
Limitation on Indemnification
Section 1. . The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of these By-Laws inconsistent with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and Article IX of these By-Laws.
Amendments
Section 2. . As used in this Article IX and in these By-Laws generally, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
Entire Board of Directors
* * *
Adopted as of: October 22, 2007
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For further information:
Dian Terry
Teradata
937-445-2225
dian.terry@teradata.com
For Release on October 23, 2007
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today announced the election of David (Dave) E. Kepler to its Board of Directors, effective November 1, 2007. Kepler will be a Class A director of the company and a member of the Board's Audit Committee.
DAYTON, Ohio
Kepler is senior vice president, chief sustainability officer (CSO) and chief information officer (CIO) of The Dow Chemical Company (Dow), responsible for guiding sustainable business development. He is also corporate director of Shared Services, a member of Dow's Management Committee and chairs its Sustainability Committee.
"Dave Kepler brings extensive senior management experience with information technology systems, business sustainability, customer service operations and business best practices," said James (Jim) Ringler, chairman, Teradata Corporation. "Because of Dave's broad global experience and deep understanding of technology issues and strategies, he is a strong addition to the Teradata Board."
Kepler resides in Midland, MI, and received a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.
 
 
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20071030084642.txt.gz
TIME:20071030084642
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On October 30, 2007, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2007 revenue and earnings per share amounts along with its forecast for 2007 full-year revenue and earnings per share. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on October 30, 2007
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $439 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2007, a 17 percent increase from Teradata's 2006 third quarter revenue of $375 million. The year-over-year revenue comparison included 3 percentage points of benefit from currency fluctuations.
DAYTON, Ohio
Teradata's prior year results were reported in the company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filing (Form 10) with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Teradata spin off from NCR Corporation (NCR).
Teradata reported third-quarter GAAP net income of $9 million, or $0.05 per diluted share which included, $15 million ($0.07 per diluted share) of expenses related to Teradata's spin off from NCR, a $20 million charge ($0.11 per diluted share) related to an uncertain tax position and a $10 million charge ($0.06 per diluted share) related to a tax rate change in Germany. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings were $0.29 per diluted share
(1)
, which compares to $0.24 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2006, or a 21 percent increase.
"It's an exciting time at Teradata. We completed our spin off from NCR, delivered strong revenue growth in the third quarter and look forward to our future as an independent publicly-traded company," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata.
"The demand for Teradata's enterprise data warehousing and enterprise analytics remains strong. The annual Teradata PARTNERS user group conference just concluded where more than
3,700 professionals who are using, designing or selling enterprise data warehousing solutions met to share best practices and plan for the future using the capabilities enabled by Teradata," Koehler continued.
"At the conference, we announced a strategic partnership with SAS that enables our customers to exploit the combined power of two of the world's leaders in enterprise data warehousing and in business intelligence and analytics. In addition, we announced Teradata 12  a major database release that advances our leadership position in data warehousing and active data warehousing. We also highlighted our green' platform which provides a 2.6x performance boost while occupying 66 percent less floor space and using about 75 percent less energy than previous generations."
Regional Operating Segment Results
(2)
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $245 million of revenue in its Americas region in the third quarter of 2007, a 13 percent increase from $216 million in the third quarter of 2006. Revenue growth in the Americas region was benefited by 1 percentage point from currency translation.
Gross Margin in the Americas region in the third quarter of 2007 was 55.9 percent, compared to 58.3 percent in the third quarter of 2006.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the third quarter of 2007 was $116 million, up 32 percent from $88 million generated in the third quarter of 2006. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the EMEA region by 8 percentage points.
Gross Margin in the EMEA region in the third quarter of 2007 was 52.6 percent, an increase from 46.6 percent in the third quarter of 2006.
Teradata generated $78 million of revenue in its APJ region in the third quarter of 2007, a 10 percent increase from the $71 million in the third quarter of 2006. Revenue growth in the APJ region was benefited by 3 percentage points from currency translation.
 
Operating Income
Operating income of $66 million decreased from $68 million in the third quarter of 2006. Teradata's operating income decreased as higher revenue was more than offset by non-recurring costs associated with Teradata's spin off from NCR, higher demand creation costs, increased research and development spending as well as incremental on-going costs associated with Teradata becoming an independent, publicly-traded company.
Operating income excluding the non-recurring spin-off costs was $81 million
(1)
, compared to $68 million generated in the third quarter of 2006, a 19 percent increase.
Other Items
Teradata did not report any Other Income or Other Expense in the third quarter of 2007, largely due to the spin off taking place on the last day of the third quarter.
The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2007 GAAP results was 86 percent. The effective tax rate was higher than expected due to the $20 million charge related to an uncertain tax position, a charge related to a tax rate change in Germany, and the tax effect of the costs related to the spin off.
These items increased Teradata's third quarter 2007 effective tax rate by 51 percentage points.
Teradata will provide cash flow and balance sheet statements in its third-quarter Form 10Q filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Teradata expects 2007 full-year revenue growth at the high end of its previous 7 to 9 percent revenue guidance range.
Including year-to-date non-recurring items, Teradata expects its 2007 GAAP earnings to be $0.88-$0.93 per share. However, this range does not reflect spin-related items that may occur in the fourth quarter of 2007 associated with Teradata becoming an independent company. Excluding a $20 million charge ($0.11 per share) related to an uncertain tax position, $15 million ($0.07 per share) from non-recurring spin-off costs, a $10 million charge ($0.06 per share) related to a tax adjustment in Germany, and a $7 million ($0.04 per share) tax adjustment made in the second quarter, Teradata continues to expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be $1.16 to $1.21 for the full-year 2007.
(1)
 
A conference call is scheduled today at 10:00 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's 2007 third-quarter results and guidance for full-year 2007. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's third quarter 2007 operating results is also available on Teradata's Web site.
On September 30, 2007, NCR completed the spin off of its Teradata Data Warehousing business. The spin off was effected through the tax-free distribution of 100 percent of the common stock of Teradata to NCR's shareholders on a 1-for-1 basis. Each NCR shareholder of record received the same number of shares of Teradata that the shareholder owned of NCR as of the close of business on the September 14, 2007, the record date for the distribution.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Teradata reports its results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, or GAAP. However, as described below, the company believes that certain non-GAAP measures found in this release are useful for investors. The following table reconciles certain non-GAAP measures contained in this release.
 
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increasing pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described in Teradata Corporation's Registration Statement on Form 10, and those factors that will be detailed from time to time in the company's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reports and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20071109164933.txt.gz
TIME:20071109164933
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
On September 30, 2007, NCR Corporation (NCR) completed the separation of its Teradata data warehousing business through a distribution of 100% of the common stock of Teradata Corporation (the "Company") to holders of NCR common stock (the "Separation"). In contemplation of the Separation, NCR submitted a private letter ruling request to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) concerning the Company's ability to continue to amortize (and deduct) for income tax purposes certain research and development costs that had been capitalized by NCR for tax purposes under Section 59(e) of the Internal Revenue Code subsequent to the transfer of the related intellectual property to the Company. In August 2007, NCR was notified that the IRS would likely issue an adverse ruling on its request. Based on this notification, the Company believed that the related deferred tax asset may not have met the criteria for recognition under FASB Interpretation No. 48 (FIN 48), , related to the transferred tax basis, which would have resulted in a charge of approximately $144 million at September 30, 2007 ($150 million at June 30, 2007). In October 2007, based on the Company's technical analysis and considering the estimated amounts of possible outcomes, management determined that $124 million of the related deferred tax asset met the criteria for recognition under FIN 48 and, therefore, included a $20 million charge in its October 30, 2007 third quarter earnings press release to reduce the carrying value of the related deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2007. Subsequently, the Company was notified that the IRS had reconsidered its initial determination and was prepared to issue a favorable ruling. Accordingly, management believes that a charge is no longer necessary with respect to this matter and has revised its previously reported results for the three and the nine months ended September 30, 2007 to reflect 100% recognition of the related deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2007. However, until the issuance of a written favorable ruling by the IRS, there can be no assurance that the Company will ultimately realize this deferred tax asset.
Accounting for Uncertainties in Income Taxes-an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109
The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except as shall be expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20071130160721.txt.gz
TIME:20071130160721
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At its meeting on November 26, 2007, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the forms of stock option agreement, restricted stock unit agreement and performance-based restricted stock unit agreement to be used in connection with awards made under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "SIP") during 2008. These agreements are expected to be used in connection with the applicable form of equity awarded under the SIP to executive officers. Copies of the forms of the 2008 stock option agreement, 2008 restricted stock unit agreement, and the 2008 performance-based restricted stock unit agreement are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3, respectively, and hereby incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
You have been granted an option (the "Option") under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to purchase from Teradata a number of shares of common stock of Teradata ("Shares") at the price per Share as described on the stock option information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator, subject to the terms and conditions of this 2008 Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan.
1. Your right to exercise this Option will expire on the tenth (10
th
) anniversary (the "Expiration Date") of the date of grant of this Option (the "Grant Date"), unless sooner terminated due to the termination of your employment as described below. If the Expiration Date falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, it will be deemed to occur on the next following business day.
2. This Option will vest, and the vested shares ("Option Shares") may be exercised, in equal annual installments (subject to mathematical rounding performed by Teradata's third party Plan administrator) over the four year period commencing on the Grant Date, such that all of the shares represented by this Option shall be vested on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. This vesting schedule is contingent upon your continuous employment with Teradata or any of its affiliate companies (collectively referred to in this Agreement as "Teradata") as of and until each of the vesting dates. In the event your employment with Teradata terminates prior to the fourth (4
th
) anniversary of the Grant Date, except as otherwise provided below, this Option will terminate with respect to the then unvested portions.
3. This Option will vest in full if you (a) die while actively employed by Teradata, or (b) cease to be actively employed by Teradata as a result of a disability for which you qualify for benefits from the Teradata Long-Term Disability Plan or another long-term disability plan sponsored by Teradata ("Disability"). In such cases, if you, on the date of death or Disability, have not yet attained the age of 55, this Option may be exercised until the later of the one (1) year anniversary of the date of death or Disability or the Expiration Date. If death or Disability occurs on or after your attainment of age 55, this Option may be exercised until the later of the third (3
rd
) anniversary of the date of death or Disability or the Expiration Date.
4. If you voluntarily terminate employment with Teradata due to Retirement (as defined in this Section 4), the unvested portion of this Option will terminate and be forfeited, and the vested portion may be exercised until the earlier of (a) the third (3
rd
) anniversary of your Retirement, or (b) the Expiration Date. For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" means termination by you of employment at or after age 55 other than, if applicable to you, for Good Reason (as described below) following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan).
5. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs and this Option award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Option shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control wherein this Option award is assumed, if a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Plan) by the Company other than for Cause or Disability (as such terms are defined in the Plan) occurs during the twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control, this Option shall vest in full immediately upon your Termination of Employment, and the Option shall remain exercisable until the later of (a) the earlier of the one (1) year anniversary of your Termination of Employment or the Expiration Date; or (b) the applicable date determined under Sections 3 and 4 above. If you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control and you terminate your
employment for Good Reason as so defined within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, this Option shall vest immediately upon your Termination of Employment, and the Option Shares shall remain exercisable until the earlier of (a) the Expiration Date or (b) the first anniversary of your Termination of Employment.
6. If your Teradata employment is involuntarily terminated for Cause (as defined in the Plan) at any time, this Option will automatically terminate and all unexercised vested and unvested Option Shares will be forfeited and will not be exercisable as of the date of such termination.
7. If you terminate your employment with Teradata for any other reason, including but not limited to reduction-in-force, this Option will automatically terminate, any unvested Option Shares will be forfeited and the vested portion of this Option may be exercised no later than the earlier of (a) the 59
th
day after the date of termination of your employment, or (b) the Expiration Date.
8. In the event that you die after your termination of employment by Teradata, but while this Option remains exercisable, this Option may be exercised, by your beneficiary or heir, until the one (1) year anniversary of the date of your death, regardless of the Expiration Date.
9. By accepting this award, except to the extent that disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not to disclose it to others. The Option will be forfeited if you violate the terms of this Section 9.
10. This Option will be cancelled if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata.
11. This Option shall be exercised in accordance with procedures established by the administrator of Teradata's stock option program, including broker-assisted cashless exercises. In countries where deemed mandatory, upon exercise, the purchase price will be paid by simultaneous sale of the Option Shares exercised, in such a manner that Teradata is not subject to taxation upon grant of the option award. Any taxes required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to exercise of this Option shall be deducted from the proceeds of the Option exercise. If Teradata or the administrator of the stock option program is unable to withhold required taxes from the proceeds of the Option exercise, you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay such amounts, and Teradata may take any action necessary to satisfy such obligation, including but not limited to withholding cash from compensation otherwise due to you or your beneficiary, or withholding from the Option Shares exercised such numbers of Option Shares as it, in its sole discretion, shall determine to be required to satisfy such withholding requirements.
12. Within a reasonable period after any vested portion of this Option is exercised, Teradata will instruct its Transfer Agent and/or third party Plan administrator to credit you or your successor with the number of Option Shares you exercised. Neither you nor your legal representative shall be, or have any of the rights and privileges of, a stockholder of Teradata in respect of any Shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Option, in whole or in part, unless and until Teradata credits you with, or causes a credit to you of, such Option Shares.
13. This Option is not transferable by you other than by beneficiary designation, will or the laws of descent and distribution, and during your lifetime this Option may be exercised only by you or your guardian or legal representative.
14. You may designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of this Option in case of your death, and you may change or revoke such designation at any time. In the event of your death, any portion of this Option that is subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other portion of this Option not designated by you shall be
distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Option Shares in question may be purchased by and distributed to your estate, in which event Teradata shall have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Option Shares.
15. In exchange for this Option, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of your Teradata employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (1) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 15) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, advertising, sale or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with Teradata or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 15, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, this Option will be immediately cancelled, all vested and unexercised Option Shares shall be forfeited, and you will pay to Teradata the difference between the exercise price and the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of any Option Shares received in connection with the exercise of this Option on or after the date which is twelve (12) months prior to the date of the breach.
As used in this Section 15, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified as a Competing Organization by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata at the beginning of the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
16. By accepting this Option, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by arbitration. If you are employed in the United States, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Teradata dispute resolution policy and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in the city of the location of the headquarters of Teradata. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States.
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 15, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 15 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies available to it,
bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's Option program is administered for any such proceedings.
17. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
18. The terms of this Option as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee at any time.
19. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law the terms and conditions of Section 16 of this Agreement shall prevail.

Exhibit 10.2
You have been awarded a number of restricted stock units (the "Stock Units") under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), as described on the restricted stock unit information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator, subject to the terms and conditions of this 2008 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan.
1. The Stock Units will become non-forfeitable ("Vested") on the vesting date described on the Information Page ("Vesting Date"), provided that you are continuously employed by Teradata or any of its affiliate companies (referred to collectively herein as "Teradata") until the Vesting Date.
2. If your employment with Teradata terminates prior to your Vesting Date due to (i) your death; or (ii) cessation of active employment by Teradata as a result of a disability for which you qualify for benefits under the Teradata Long-Term Disability Plan or another long-term disability plan sponsored by Teradata ("Disability"); then, upon such termination of employment, your Stock Units will become fully Vested. If your employment with Teradata terminates prior to your Vesting Date due to your (a) Retirement (defined as termination by you of your employment with Teradata at or after age 55 other than, if applicable to you, for Good Reason (as described below) following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan); or (b) reduction-in-force; then, upon such termination of employment, a pro rata portion of the Stock Units will become fully Vested. The pro rata portion of the Stock Units that will become fully Vested will be determined by multiplying the total number of the Stock Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial months of employment that you completed after the date of grant of this award (the "Grant Date"), and the denominator of which is the total number of months during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on your Vesting Date.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs and this restricted stock unit award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Stock Units shall become fully Vested immediately prior to the Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control wherein this restricted stock unit award is assumed, if a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Plan) by the Company other than for Cause or Disability (as such terms are defined in the Plan) occurs during the twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control, the Stock Units shall become fully Vested immediately upon your Termination of Employment. If you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control and you terminate your employment for Good Reason as so defined within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Stock Units shall become fully Vested immediately upon your Termination of Employment.
3. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Section 3, when Vested, the Stock Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the Vesting Date in shares of Teradata common stock (such that one Stock Unit equals one share of Teradata common stock) or, in Teradata's sole discretion, in an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such number of shares of Teradata common stock as of the Vesting Date (or such earlier date upon which the Stock Units have become Vested pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement), or a combination thereof.
To the extent that the Stock Units become Vested pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement and your right to receive payment of Vested Stock Units constitutes a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then payment of such Stock Units shall be subject to the following rules: (i) the Stock Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the earlier of (a) your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, or (b) the Vesting Date; (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Stock Units become payable as a result of your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (other than as a result of death), and you are a "specified employee" as determined under Teradata's policy for determining specified employees on the date of separation from service, the Stock Units shall be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code; and (iii) Teradata may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulation  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B), terminate this Agreement and pay all outstanding Stock Units to you within 30 days before or 12 months after a "change in the ownership," a "change in the effective control" or a "change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of Teradata within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
4. By accepting this award, unless disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant, provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not disclose it to others. The Stock Units will be forfeited if you violate the terms and conditions of this Section 4.
5. At all times before your Vesting Date, the Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated, except by beneficiary designation, will or by the laws of descent and distribution upon your death. As soon as practicable after your Vesting Date, if Stock Units are to be paid in the form of shares of Teradata common stock, Teradata will instruct its Transfer Agent and/or its third party Plan administrator to record on your account the number of shares of Teradata common stock underlying the number of Stock Units that you opted to be paid to you in shares of Teradata common stock and such shares will be freely transferable.
6. Any cash dividends declared before your Vesting Date on the shares underlying the Stock Units shall not be paid currently, but shall be converted into additional Stock Units. Any Stock Units resulting from such conversion (the "Dividend Units") will be considered Stock Units for purposes of this Agreement and will be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein. As of each date that Teradata would otherwise pay the declared dividend on the shares underlying the Stock Units (the "Dividend Payment Date") in the absence of the reinvestment requirements of this Section 6, the number of Dividend Units will be determined by dividing the amount of dividends otherwise attributable to the Stock Units but not paid on the Dividend Payment Date by the Fair Market Value of Teradata's common stock on the Dividend Payment Date.
7. Teradata has the right to deduct or cause to be deducted from, or collect or cause to be collected, with respect to the taxation of any Stock Units, any federal, state or local taxes required by the laws of the United States or any other country to be withheld or paid with respect to the Stock Units, and you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay any such amounts. By accepting this award, you consent and direct that, if you are paid through Teradata's United States payroll system at the time the Stock Units vest, Teradata's stock plan administrator may withhold or sell the number of Stock Units from your award as Teradata, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to satisfy such withholding requirements. If you are paid through a non-United States Teradata payroll system, you agree that Teradata may satisfy any withholding obligations by withholding cash from your compensation otherwise due to you or by any other action as it may deem necessary to satisfy any withholding obligation.
8. The Stock Units will be forfeited if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata.
9. In exchange for the Stock Units, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (1) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 9 below) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 9, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, any unvested Stock Units will be immediately forfeited, and you agree to pay to Teradata the Fair Market Value of any Stock Units that Vested or cash paid to you in lieu of such Stock Units during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of your termination of employment. Such Fair Market Value shall be determined as of your Vesting Date.
As used in this Section 9, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified as a Competing Organization by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata for the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
10. By accepting this award, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by first exhausting any Teradata internal dispute resolution process and policy, and then by arbitration pursuant to such policy. If you are employed in the United States, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Teradata dispute resolution policy and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in the city of the location of the headquarters of Teradata. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration, and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States.
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 9, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 9 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies
available to it, bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's Option program is administered, for any such proceedings.
11. You may designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of any Stock Units to be distributed in case of your death, and you may change or revoke such designation at any time. In the event of your death, any Stock Units distributable hereunder that are subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other Stock Units not designated by you will be distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Stock Units in question may be transferred to your estate, in which event Teradata will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Stock Units.
12. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
13. The terms of this award of Stock Units as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee.
14. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law the terms and conditions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall prevail.

Exhibit 10.3
You have been awarded a number of restricted stock units (the "Stock Units") under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") as described on the restricted stock unit information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator, subject to the terms and conditions of this 2008 Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan.
1. All, a portion, a multiple, or none of the Stock Units will become nonforfeitable ("Vested") on the date (your "Vesting Date") that the Compensation & Human Resource Committee of the Teradata Board of Directors (the "Committee") determines that the performance goals set forth on (the "Performance Goals") have been achieved during the period from January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2010 (the "Performance Period") at the level described in Section 2 below, that (i) you are continuously employed by Teradata or any of its affiliate companies (referred to collectively herein as "Teradata") until your Vesting Date, and (ii) the applicable performance measures described in Section 2 below are met. In no event shall the Vesting Date be later than December 1 of the calendar year following the end of the Performance Period.
Exhibit A
provided
2. Subject to your continued employment through the Vesting Date, in the event that Teradata achieves the Performance Goal during the Performance Period, you will become Vested on your Vesting Date in a designated percentage of the Stock Units awarded to you under this Agreement, as set forth on Exhibit A. The Performance Goal will be determined by the Committee, and will be communicated in your award letter.
3. If your employment with Teradata terminates prior to your Vesting Date due to (i) your death; (ii) cessation of active employment by Teradata as a result of a disability for which you qualify for benefits under the Teradata Long-Term Disability Plan or another long-term disability plan sponsored by Teradata ("Disability"); (iii) Retirement (defined as termination by you of your employment with Teradata at or after age 55 other than, if applicable to you, for Good Reason (as described below) following a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan); or (iv) reduction-in-force; then, on your Vesting Date, and based upon the Committee's determination of the Performance Goal, a pro rata portion of the Stock Units will become Vested. The pro rata portion will be determined by calculating the total number of shares or cash you would have received (through vesting of Stock Units) if your Teradata employment had not terminated prior to your Vesting Date, and multiplying that number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial months of employment you completed after the date of grant of this award, and the denominator of which is the number of months in the Performance Period. If your employment terminates prior to your Vesting Date for any reason other than as otherwise described in this Section 3, the Stock Units will automatically terminate and be forfeited and no shares or cash will be issued or paid (as the case may be).
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary:
(i) in the event a Change in Control occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of grant and this restricted stock unit award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Stock Units shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control (without regard to performance or pro-ration) at the "Target" level,
(ii) in the event a Change in Control occurs after the first anniversary of grant and this restricted stock unit award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Stock Units shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control (without regard to performance after the Change in Control or pro-ration) based on actual performance through
the end of the calendar year immediately preceding the date on which the Change in Control occurs,
(iii) in the event of a Change in Control on or prior to the first anniversary of grant wherein this restricted stock unit award is assumed, the Stock Units shall vest at the end of the Performance Period (without regard to performance or pro-ration) at the "Target" level, subject to your continued employment through the end of the Performance Period, and
(iv) in the event of a Change in Control after the first anniversary of grant wherein this restricted stock unit award is assumed, the Stock Units shall vest at the end of the Performance Period (without regard to performance after the Change in Control or pro-ration) based on actual performance through the end of the calendar year immediately preceding the date on which the Change in Control occurs, subject to your continued employment through the end of the Performance Period.
Notwithstanding the provisions of clause (iii) and (iv) to the contrary, if, during the 24 months following the Change in Control, you incur a Termination of Employment (as defined in the Plan) by the Company other than for Cause or Disability (as such terms are defined in the Plan) or, if you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control, to the extent not then-vested, the Stock Units shall vest immediately upon your Termination of Employment at the level specified in clause (iii) or (iv) as applicable.
4. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Section 4, when Vested, the Stock Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the Vesting Date in shares of Teradata common stock (such that one Stock Unit equals one share of Teradata common stock) or, in Teradata's sole discretion, in an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of such number of shares of Teradata common stock as of the Vesting Date (or such earlier date upon which the Stock Units have become Vested pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement), or a combination thereof.
To the extent that the Stock Units become Vested pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement and your right to receive payment of Vested Stock Units constitutes a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then payment of such Stock Units shall be subject to the following rules: (i) the Vested Stock Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the earlier of (a) your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, or (b) the Vesting Date; (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Stock Units become payable as a result of your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (other than as a result of death), and you are a "specified employee" as determined under Teradata's policy for determining specified employees on the date of separation from service, the Stock Units shall be paid no earlier than the first business day after the date that is six months following your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code; and (iii) Teradata may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulation  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B), terminate this Agreement and pay all outstanding Stock Units to you within 30 days before or 12 months after a "change in the ownership," a "change in the effective control" or a "change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of Teradata within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
5. By accepting this award, unless disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant, provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not disclose it to others. The Stock Units will be forfeited if you violate the terms and conditions of this Section 5.
6. At all times before your Vesting Date, the Stock Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated, except by beneficiary designation, will or by the laws of descent and distribution upon your death. As soon as practicable after your Vesting Date, if Stock Units are to be paid in the form of shares of Teradata common stock, Teradata will instruct its Transfer Agent and/or third party Plan administrator to record on your account the number of such shares underlying the number of Stock Units, and such shares will be freely transferable.
7. Any cash dividends declared before your Vesting Date on the shares underlying the Stock Units shall not be paid currently, but shall be converted into additional Stock Units. Any Stock Units resulting from such conversion (the "Dividend Units") will be considered Stock Units for purposes of this Agreement and will be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein. As of each date that Teradata would otherwise pay the declared dividend on the shares underlying the Stock Units (the "Dividend Payment Date") in the absence of the reinvestment requirements of this Section 7, the number of Dividend Units will be determined by dividing the amount of dividends otherwise attributable to the Stock Units but not paid on the Dividend Payment Date by the Fair Market Value of Teradata's common stock on the Dividend Payment Date.
8. Teradata has the right to deduct or cause to be deducted from, or collect or cause to be collected, with respect to the taxation of any Stock Units, any federal, state or local taxes required by the laws of the United States or any other country to be withheld or paid with respect to the Stock Units, and you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay any such amounts. By accepting this award, you consent and direct that, if you are paid through Teradata's United States payroll system at the time the Stock Units vest, Teradata's stock plan administrator will withhold or sell the number of Stock Units from your award as Teradata, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to satisfy such withholding requirements. If you are paid through a non-United States Teradata payroll system, you agree that Teradata may satisfy any withholding obligations by withholding cash from your compensation otherwise due to you or by any other action as it may deem necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation.
9. In exchange for the Stock Units, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (1) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 9) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 9, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, any unvested Stock Units will be immediately forfeited, and you will pay to Teradata the Fair Market Value of any Stock Units that Vested or cash paid to you in lieu of such Stock Units that were issued during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of termination of your employment. Such Fair Market Value shall be determined as of your Vesting Date. If you breach the terms of this Section 9 prior to the end of the Performance Period but after your employment terminates due to the circumstances described in the first paragraph of Section 3, your award will be forfeited and you will not receive a pro rata portion of the Stock Units.
As used in this Section 9, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata as a Competing Organization for the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
10. By accepting the Stock Units, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by arbitration. If you are employed in the United States, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Teradata dispute resolution policy and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in the city of the location of the headquarters of Teradata. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States. The Stock Units will be forfeited if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata.
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 9, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 9 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies available to it, bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's equity programs are administered, for any such proceedings.
11. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you may at any time designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of any Stock Units. In the event of your death, any Stock Units distributable hereunder that are subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other Stock Units not designated by you will be distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Stock Units in question may be transferred to your estate, in which event Teradata will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Stock Units.
12. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
13. The terms of this award of Stock Units as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee.
14. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law the terms and conditions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall prevail.
Pursuant to the Form of 2008 Performance Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the "Agreement"), the following sets for the Performance Goals to be achieved for the period from January 1, 2008 to December 31, 2010 (the "Performance Period").
The number of restricted stock units (the "Stock Units") that will become Vested on your Vesting Date will depend on Teradata's achievement of Revenue and Operating Income for the Performance Period.
For amounts of Revenue and Operating Income between the Threshold and Target levels or between the Target and Maximum levels, straight line interpolation, rounded up to the next whole share, will be used to determine the number of Stock Units that become Vested. The amount of Revenue and Operating Income at Threshold, Target and Maximum levels will be determined by the Committee.
"Revenue" is defined as the amount of "" as reported by Teradata Corporation during the Performance Period. "Operating Income" is defined as "" minus "" as reported by Teradata Corporation during the Perfromance Period.
Net Customer Revenue
Income Before Taxes
Operating Income/Expense


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080208113236.txt.gz
TIME:20080208113236
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 4, 2008, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") accepted the resignation of C. K. Prahalad ("Mr. Prahalad") as a Class I director of Teradata and approved the re-appointment of Mr. Prahalad as a Class II director, effective immediately thereafter on February 4, 2008. Mr. Prahalad will serve as a Class II director until the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until such time as his successor is duly elected and qualified or as otherwise provided in Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. He is an independent director, and there continue to be no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Prahalad and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Prahalad was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving Mr. Prahalad that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Mr. Prahalad will continue as a member of both the Audit Committee and the Committee on Directors and Governance of the Board.
 
SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080212091524.txt.gz
TIME:20080212091524
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 12, 2008, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter 2007 revenue and earnings per share amounts along with its forecast for 2008 earnings per share. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
On February 12, 2008, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors of the Company authorized two stock repurchase programs. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and hereby incorporated by reference. The employee stock dilution offset program is an ongoing self-funding, anti-dilution program that uses the cash received from employee share purchases under the Teradata Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan and option exercises under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan to repurchase Company common stock on the open market at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases. In addition, the Board authorized a general open market share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may spend up to $250,000,000 over a two-year period to repurchase its common stock on the open market at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on February 12, 2008
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported 2007 revenue of $1.702 billion, an increase of 10 percent from $1.547 billion in 2006.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
(1)
The full-year revenue comparison was aided by 2 percentage points from currency fluctuations. For the quarter ended December 31, 2007, revenue was $466 million, an increase of 3 percent from $453 million in 2006.
(1)
The fourth quarter comparison included 3 percentage points of benefit from currency fluctuations. In addition, Teradata's full-year 2006 results are revised in Schedules A-D of this release from those reported in Teradata's registration statement on Form 10, dated August 27, 2007, to correct an error relating to the timing of a transaction included in Teradata's fourth quarter results of 2006.
(1)
Gross margin in the fourth quarter improved to 56.0 percent from 53.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2006. Gross margin for the full year was 53.8 percent, versus 53.6 percent generated in 2006.
Teradata reported fourth-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $79 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, which favorably compared to GAAP net income of $62 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2006. Included in the 2007 fourth quarter results were $2 million of pre-tax expenses related to Teradata's spin off from NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) that occurred at the end of the third
quarter, and a $6 million one-time tax benefit related to the utilization of certain tax attributes associated with foreign sourced income. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings were $0.40per diluted share,
(2)
which compares to $0.34 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2006.
(1)
For the full-year, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $200 million, or $1.10 per diluted share which included $17 million of pre-tax expenses related to Teradata's spin off from NCR and $9 million of net unfavorable tax adjustments. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings for the full-year 2007 was $1.24 per diluted share,
(2)
compared to $1.06 per diluted share in 2006.
(1)
"2007 was a successful year for Teradata in many ways. We generated 10 percent revenue growth, delivered on our earnings commitments and continued to advance our market-leading technology, while setting up our new company and completing our spin off from NCR," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "We are pleased with both our product and services results and our strong international performance."
"I am confident in our future as demand for Teradata's enterprise data warehousing and enterprise analytics remains strong. Customers around the world know they can rely on Teradata's unrivaled ability to provide detailed analytics throughout their business. In today's challenging economic environment, companies need this ability more than ever in order to effectively manage their businesses," Koehler continuedWe are well positioned to continue to lead the enterprise data warehousing market."
. "
Regional Operating Segment Results
(3)
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $253 million of revenue in its Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2007, down 3 percent from $262 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year, revenue in the Americas region increased 5 percent to $964 million. The full-year revenue comparison included 1 percentage point of benefit from currency translation.
Gross margin in the Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2007 was 60.9 percent, compared to 59.9 percent in the fourth quarter of 2006. Gross margin in the Americas region for the full-year 2007 was 58.1 percent, compared to 59.2 percent in 2006. For the year, gross margin in the Americas was lower due to an unfavorable revenue mix and lower services margin.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2007 was $122 million, up 5 percent from $116 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2006. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the EMEA region by 7 percentage points. For the full year, revenue in the EMEA region increased 18 percent to $424 million. The full-year revenue comparison included 7 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2007 was 50.0 percent, an increase from 46.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2006. Gross margin of 48.8 percent for the full-year 2007 compared favorably to 46.7 percent in 2006 due to higher product and services gross margins.
Teradata generated $91 million of revenue in its APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2007, a 21 percent increase from the $75 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Revenue growth in the APJ region was benefited by 7 percentage points from currency translation. For the full-year, revenue in the APJ region increased 18 percent to $314 million. Currency translation provided 3 percentage points of benefit in the full-year revenue comparison.
Gross margin in the APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2007 was 53.8 percent, compared to 48.0 percent in the fourth quarter of 2006. Gross margin in the APJ region for the full-year 2007 was 50.6 percent compared to 47.2 percent in 2006. Gross margin in the APJ region improved due to higher product margin and a favorable revenue mix.
Operating Income
Fourth-quarter operating income of $96 million was the same as reported in the fourth quarter of 2006. Included in the results for the fourth quarter of 2007 was incremental ongoing costs associated with Teradata becoming an independent, publicly-traded company, and non-recurring costs associated with Teradata's spin off from NCR. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the non-recurring spin-off costs, but including the other incremental costs, operating income was $98 million, compared to $96 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2006.
(1) (2)
2007 full-year operating income was $320 million, an increase from $302 million in 2006. Included in these results were increased investments in demand creation, and research and development, as well as non-recurring costs associated with Teradata's spin off from NCR and the incremental on-going costs associated with Teradata becoming an independent, publicly-traded company. Non-GAAP operating income excluding the non-recurring spin-off costs was $337 million, compared to $302 million generated in 2006.
(1) (2)
Other Items
Other income in the fourth quarter of 2007 was $2 million, primarily from interest income earned on Teradata's cash balance. Other income for the full year was also $2 million, as Teradata did not receive interest income earned on NCR's cash balance prior to the completion of its spin off from NCR on September 30, 2007. Teradata did not have other income in 2006.
The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2007 results was 19.4 percent. Included in the fourth quarter income tax provision was a $7 million one-time tax benefit related to the utilization of certain tax attributes associated with foreign sourced income as well as the tax effect of the one-time spin-off costs (which equates to a 6.6 point benefit to the fourth quarter 2007 tax rate). The effective income tax rate for the full year was 37.9 percent. The full-year tax rate included the impact of a tax adjustment in the second quarter when Teradata was part of NCR, a charge recognized in the third quarter related to a tax rate change in Germany and the one-time tax benefit in the fourth quarter. These items had a net 4.5 point unfavorable impact on Teradata's income tax rate for the full year. Teradata expects its full-year effective tax rate for 2008 to be approximately 30 percent.
During the fourth quarter, Teradata generated $98 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $53 million in the same period last year. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of 2007 of $31 million compared to $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Teradata generated $67 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and capitalized software)
(4)
in the fourth quarter of 2007, versus generating $33 million in the same period last year.
Full-year cash from operating activities was $387 million, a $168 million increase from the $219 million generated in 2006. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year increased to $287 million, compared to $151 million generated in 2006.
(4)
 
Teradata ended 2007 with $270 million in cash and cash equivalents, a $74 million increase from the September 30, 2007 spin-off date.
Although Teradata has $300 million available through a new credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2007.
Teradata expects 2008 full-year revenue growth of approximately 5 to 8 percent. Teradata expects its 2008 GAAP earnings to be $1.35 to $1.45 per share, which does not reflect any unforeseen special items, if any, that may occur in 2008.
 
A conference call is scheduled today at 10:00 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2007 results, as well as its guidance for 2008. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's 2007 operating results is also available on Teradata's Web site.
On September 30, 2007, NCR completed its spin off of its Teradata data warehousing business. The spin off was effected through the tax-free distribution of 100 percent of the common stock of Teradata to NCR's shareholders on a 1-for-1 basis. Each NCR shareholder of record received the same number of shares of Teradata that the shareholder owned of NCR as of the close of business on the September 14, 2007, the record date for the distribution.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Teradata reports its results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, or GAAP. However, as described in footnotes 2 through 4 below, the company believes that certain non-GAAP measures found in this release are useful for investors.
 
The revision had no impact on Teradata's net cash provided by operating activities or the company's cash and cash equivalents for the period ended December 31, 2006
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increasing pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described in Teradata Corporation's Registration Statement on Form 10, and those factors that will be detailed from time to time in the company's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reports and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
For Release on February 12, 2008
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today announced that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program that authorizes Teradata to repurchase up to $250 million of its common stock over a two-year period.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
"This new stock repurchase program reflects our confidence in Teradata's future," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "Teradata's strong balance sheet and increasing cash from operations afford us the flexibility to drive incremental shareholder returns through share-repurchase activity without detracting from our ability to invest in the growth of our businesses and explore strategic opportunities."
In addition, the Board has authorized an ongoing, self-funded offset dilution program that will use cash received from employee share purchases, under the Teradata Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and option exercises, under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, to repurchase Company common stock.
Under both programs, the stock will be repurchased periodically on an ongoing basis in open market transactions at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increasing pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition
and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described in Teradata Corporation's Registration Statement on Form 10, and those factors that will be detailed from time to time in the company's U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission reports and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080304164708.txt.gz
TIME:20080304164708
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At its meeting on February 28, 2008, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") took certain actions, including those described below, relating to the compensation of the Company's named executive officers. The actions described below were taken by resolutions approved by the members of the Committee who are each considered an "outside director" for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.
As set forth under the terms of the Teradata Corporation Management Incentive Plan ("MIP"), the Committee agreed that the amount of 2008 annual incentive opportunity awards payable to executive officers under the MIP shall be no more than 1.5% of 2008 Earnings Before Income Taxes ("EBIT"), as defined in the MIP, for the Chief Executive Officer, and no more than .75% of EBIT for each other executive officer, with such amounts to be subject to downward (and not upward) discretion. The Committee also approved performance measures to be considered, along with other factors, if any, deemed to be appropriate by the Committee, in exercising downward discretion to determine the amount of the annual incentive opportunity awards, if any, that will be paid to the Company's executive officers under the MIP in respect of fiscal year 2008 performance (the "2008 Annual Awards"). As approved by the Committee at its February 28, 2008 meeting:
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080331140409.txt.gz
TIME:20080331140409
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At its meeting on March 27, 2008, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") took certain actions, including those described below, regarding the compensation of the Company's named executive officers. The actions described below were taken by resolutions approved by all of the members of the Committee, each of whom is considered an "outside director" for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Pursuant to the terms of the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan ("SIP"), the Committee approved the program design and performance objectives for the performance-based restricted stock unit awards ("PBRSUs") granted to certain employees, including the Company's executive officers, on October 1, 2007, and for any PBRSUs granted to employees from October 1, 2007 to December 31, 2008 (collectively, the "LTIP Awards"). As approved by the Committee at its March 27, 2008 meeting:
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080508083745.txt.gz
TIME:20080508083745
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 8, 2008, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2008 revenue and earnings per share amounts along with its forecast for 2008 revenue growth and earnings per share. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on May 8, 2008
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $375 million for the first quarter of 2008, a 2 percent increase from $367 million in the first quarter of 2007. Included in the year-over-year comparison was 4 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
(
1
)
Gross margin in the first quarter was 51.7 percent versus 53.4 percent in the first quarter of 2007. Gross margin was lower in the first quarter of 2008 primarily due to lower product volume in the Americas region.
Teradata's first-quarter net income was $42 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, which compared to $43 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2007. As expected, Teradata's first quarter results included $11 million of incremental costs associated with Teradata now operating as an independent publicly-traded company.
"We continue to see overall global demand for enterprise data warehousing remain strong, as companies look to Teradata to achieve competitive advantage with our best-in-class data warehousing solutions. While we are disappointed with our start to the year, primarily due to lengthening sales cycles in the United States, the fundamentals of our business remain solid and we are maintaining our guidance for 2008," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "Our services business grew 20% in the quarter and service
margins increased 1.3 points. Customer activity is strong entering the second quarter, especially internationally.
"We are investing for growth, both in our innovative technology and in our market coverage. We just introduced our comprehensive new platform family, which sets the standard in data warehousing and leverages the power of our industry-leading Teradata 12 database, and we are increasing our number of sales territories. Data will continue to grow exponentially in the years to come, both in volume and complexity, and Teradata is well positioned to help organizations address the challenge and gain competitive advantage."
Regional Operating Segment Results
(
2
)
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $210 million of revenue in its Americas region in the first quarter of 2008, down 2 percent from $215 million in the first quarter of 2007. Currency translation provided 1 percentage point of benefit in the year-over-year revenue comparison.
Gross margin in the Americas region in the first quarter of 2008 was 54.3 percent, compared to 59.5 percent in the first quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the Americas declined primarily due to lower product volume and revenue mix as well as an unfavorable deal mix.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the first quarter of 2008 was $103 million, up 14 percent from $90 million generated in the first quarter of 2007. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the EMEA region by 11 percentage points.
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the first quarter of 2008 was 50.5 percent, an increase from 44.4 percent in the first quarter of 2007. Gross margins in the EMEA region improved due to the benefit of currency translation, improved performance in professional services and higher product volume.
Teradata generated $62 million of revenue in its APJ region in the first quarter of 2008, the same as reported in the first quarter of 2007. The year-over-year revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 9 percentage points from currency translation.
Gross margin in the APJ region in the first quarter of 2008 was 45.2 percent, the same as reported in the first quarter of 2007.
Company Operating Results
First quarter of 2008 operating income was $53 million, compared to $70 million in the first quarter of 2007. Lower product revenue in the Americas region, along with incremental costs associated with Teradata now operating as an independent, publicly-traded company, were the key drivers of the lower operating income in the quarter.
Other income in the first quarter of 2008 was $3 million, primarily from interest income earned on Teradata's cash balance.
The effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2008 results was 25 percent versus 39 percent in the first quarter of 2007. Teradata now expects its full-year tax rate for 2008 to be approximately 25 percent.
During the first quarter of 2008, Teradata generated $143 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $102 million in the same period in 2007. Capital expenditures of $20 million were comparable to $19 million in the first quarter of 2007. Teradata generated $123 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software) in the first quarter of 2008, versus $83 million in the same period last year.
As of March 31, 2008, Teradata had $339 million in cash and cash equivalents, an increase of $69 million from December 31, 2007. Free cash flow generation more than offset the use of cash for share repurchases. During the quarter, the company repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares for $38 million.
Although Teradata has a $300 million credit facility in place, Teradata had no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of March 31, 2008.
Teradata continues to expect 2008 full-year revenue growth of approximately 5 to 8 percent and 2008 earnings per share to be $1.35 to $1.45.
 
A conference call is scheduled today at 10:00 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's first-quarter results, as well as its guidance for 2008. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on Teradata's Web site.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080801142955.txt.gz
TIME:20080801142955
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 29, 2008, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the election of Peter L. Fiore and Cary T. Fu (collectively, the "New Directors") as members of the Board, effective as of July 29, 2008 (the "Effective Date"). Teradata expanded the size of the Board from seven to nine to accommodate the addition of the New Directors. Both Messrs. Fiore and Fu will serve as Class II directors, each until the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until such time as his successor is duly elected and qualified or as otherwise provided in Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Each of the New Directors is an independent director, and there are no arrangements or understandings between any New Director and any other person pursuant to which a New Director was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving either New Director that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Effective on the Effective Date, both of the New Directors will participate in certain non-employee director compensation arrangements under the Teradata Corporation Director Compensation Program (the "Program"), a copy of which may be found at Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2008, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of Teradata. Under the terms of the Program, each of the New Directors will receive an initial equity grant of restricted stock units equal to the number of whole shares of the common stock of Teradata ("Common Stock") determined by dividing the dollar amount of the initial equity grant ($75,000.00) by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan) of one share of Teradata Common Stock on the Effective Date. Each of the New Directors will also receive a mid-year equity award with a dollar value equal to $93,750.00, with 50% of such award to consist of stock options to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock and 50% of such award to consist of restricted stock units based on shares of Common Stock. In addition, each New Director will receive a prorated annual retainer to be paid on a quarterly basis beginning on the Effective Date, in the amount of $75,000, with an additional retainer amount of $5,000 to Mr. Fu for serving as a member of the Audit Committee, each such amount being paid in lieu of the annual retainers, and each prorated for the portion of the 2008-2009 Board Year in which such director is a member of the Board or Audit Committee, as applicable. The "2008-2009 Board Year" is defined as the year beginning on the date of the Company's 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (April 28, 2008) and ending on the date of Teradata's 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Also on July 29, 2008, C.K. Prahalad notified Teradata of his intent to resign as a director of the company effective immediately following the Board's next meeting on October 7, 2008. Under the terms of the spin-off of Teradata from NCR Corporation, as one of two overlapping directors with NCR, Mr. Prahalad was eligible to stay on the Board until Teradata's 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. In light of the election of the New Directors, Mr. Prahalad, who is currently serving as a Class II director, indicated he desired to step down in October, and his decision to resign was not because of any disagreement with the company.
Effective as of the Effective Date, the following membership changes were made to the committees of the Board:
 
 
 
Therefore, effective as of the Effective Date, the membership of the committees of the Board is as follows:
 
 
 
 
On July 29, 2008, Teradata issued a press release that announced the election of the New Directors to the Board as of July 29, 2008, a copy of which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on July 29, 2008
 Corporation (NYSE: ), the global leader in , today announced the election of two technology company leaders to its Board of Directors, Peter Fiore and Cary T. Fu. Fiore and Fu will join the board as Class II directors effective as of July 29, 2008.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
Teradata
TDC
enterprise data warehousing
"Both of these executives bring extensive leadership experience in technology companies where they drove innovation and growth," said James (Jim) Ringler, chairman, Teradata Corporation. "Their broad global experience and deep understanding of technology issues and strategies, with solid operations and financial management experience, position them as strong additions to the Teradata Board."
Peter Fiore is president and chief executive officer of Crossbeam Systems, Inc., the leading provider of next generation network security platforms and appliances. Prior to joining Crossbeam in June 2007, Fiore was vice president of IBM's Information Platform and Solutions business and was a member of IBM's global leadership team. He joined IBM in 2005 as a result of IBM's acquisition of Ascential Software Corporation, where he had served as president since its inception in July 2001. Earlier, he was president of Informix Business Solutions and executive vice president and general manager of Ardent Software (and its predecessor VMARK Software), where he led the company's data warehousing unit. Fiore earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in engineering and applied sciences from Harvard College. He also serves on the boards of Crossbeam Systems, Inc. and Kadient, Inc.
 
Cary T. Fu is chief executive officer of Benchmark Electronics, Inc., a leader in manufacturing and engineering services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of computers and related products for business enterprises, medical devices, industrial control equipment, test and instrumentation products and telecommunications equipment. With two partners, Fu founded Benchmark in 1986, serving as chief financial officer for 15 years and as chief operating officer for four years. He was appointed chief executive officer in 2004 and has served on Benchmark's Board of Directors since the company's inception. Under Fu's leadership, Benchmark grew into a multi-billion dollar company, which was fueled by seven major acquisitions and strategic organic expansion. He was also integrally involved in taking Benchmark public in 1990. Prior to joining Benchmark, Fu served as controller at Intermedics, Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of cardiac pacemakers and other biomedical products. Fu is a graduate of the University of Houston with a Master of Science in accounting and is a certified public accountant.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20080807085149.txt.gz
TIME:20080807085149
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On August 7, 2008, the Company issued a press release setting forth its second quarter 2008 revenue and earnings per share amounts along with its forecast for 2008 revenue growth and earnings per share. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
August 7, 2008
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $455 million for the second quarter of 2008, a 6 percent increase from $430 million in the second quarter of 2007. Included in the year-over-year comparison was 5 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
(1)
Gross margin in the second quarter was 54.7 percent versus 53.5 percent in the second quarter of 2007. Gross margin improved in both product and services, due to the benefit of currency translation, a favorable mix of transactions and contribution from maintenance services.
Teradata's 2008 second-quarter net income was $69 million, or $0.38 per share, which compared to $49 million, or $0.27 per share, in the second quarter of 2007. As expected, Teradata's 2008 second quarter results included $9 million of incremental costs associated with Teradata now operating as an independent, publicly-traded company. Teradata's 2007 second quarter earnings per share included a $0.04 charge for a tax adjustment. Excluding this item, Teradata's 2007 second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.31.
(3)
"Teradata delivered solid results in the second quarter of 2008," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "We achieved good revenue growth in EMEA and in our services business, improved both product and service gross margins, and increased our net income. The strength of our international and services business is helping to offset softness in the U.S. market. We are therefore maintaining our guidance for 2008.
"We remain confident in both our technology and our people, who are the best in the business at helping companies integrate data from throughout their enterprise to enable better, faster decision making to gain competitive advantage."
Regional Operating Segment Results
(2)
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $236 million of revenue in its Americas region in the second quarter of 2008, down 6 percent from $251 million in the second quarter of 2007. The revenue decline in the Americas region was largely due to customer deferrals relating to the economic environment in the United States.
Gross margin in the Americas region in the second quarter of 2008 was 58.9 percent, compared to 56.2 percent in the second quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the Americas improved primarily due to favorable product deal mix and improved services gross margin.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the second quarter of 2008 was $128 million, up 33 percent from $96 million generated in the second quarter of 2007. The year-over-year revenue increase was led by strong product revenue growth. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the EMEA region by 11 percentage points.
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the second quarter of 2008 was 53.9 percent, an increase from 46.9 percent in the second quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the EMEA region improved due to the benefit of currency translation, higher product volume and a greater mix of product revenue as compared to services revenue.
Teradata generated $91 million of revenue in its APJ region in the second quarter of 2008, a 10 percent increase from $83 million reported in the second quarter of 2007. The year-over-year revenue comparison in the APJ region benefited by 11 percentage points from currency translation.
Gross margin in the APJ region in the second quarter of 2008 was 50.5 percent, down from the 53.0 percent generated in the second quarter of 2007. The lower margin was influenced by the geographic mix of product sales within the region as compared to the prior year period, as well as the higher mix of service revenue as compared to the second quarter of 2007.
Company Operating Results
Second quarter of 2008 operating income was $92 million, compared to $88 million in the second quarter of 2007. Higher overall revenue volume, the net benefit of currency and a favorable deal mix more than offset lower product revenue in the Americas region and the incremental costs associated with Teradata now operating as an independent, publicly-traded company.
Other income in the second quarter of 2008 was $2 million, primarily from interest income earned on Teradata's cash balance. Teradata was not an independent company in 2007, and therefore did not have interest income in the prior-year period.
The effective tax rate in the second quarter of 2008 results was 27 percent versus 44 percent in the second quarter of 2007. Teradata now expects its full-year effective tax rate for 2008 to be approximately 26 to 27 percent.
During the second quarter of 2008, Teradata generated $85 million of cash from operations, compared to $93 million in the same period in 2007. Cash from operations was lower in the quarterly year-over-year comparison due to additions to working capital.
Capital expenditures of $25 million were comparable to $27 million in the second quarter of 2007. Teradata generated $60 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software) in the second quarter of 2008, versus $66 million in the same period last year.
(3)
 
As of June 30, 2008, Teradata had $367 million in cash and short-term investments, an increase of $28 million from March 31, 2008. The company repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for $34 million in the second quarter. Free cash flow generation more than offset the use of cash for share repurchases during the quarter.
Teradata had no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of June 30, 2008.
Teradata continues to expect 2008 full-year revenue growth of approximately 5 to 8 percent, and earnings per share in the $1.35 to $1.45 range.
 
A conference call is scheduled today at 10:00 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's second-quarter results, as well as its full-year guidance for 2008. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on Teradata's Web site.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Teradata reports its results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, or GAAP. However, as described in footnotes 2 and 3 below, the company believes that certain non-GAAP measures found in this release are useful for investors.
 
 
 
(a) The following table reconciles Teradata's earnings per diluted share under GAAP in the second quarter 2007 to the company's EPS during the period excluding the impact of an extraordinary tax item. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain extraordinary items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results.
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
(b) Teradata defines free cash flow as cash provided/used by operating activities less capital expenditures for property and equipment, and additions to capitalized software. Free cash flow does not have a uniform definition under GAAP and therefore, Teradata's definition may differ from other companies' definition of this measure. Teradata's management uses free cash flow to assess the financial performance of the company and believes it is useful for investors because it relates the operating cash flow of the company to the capital that is spent to continue and improve business operations. In particular, free cash flow indicates the amount of cash generated after capital expenditures for, among other things, investment in the company's existing businesses, strategic acquisitions, strengthening the company's balance sheet, repurchase of company stock and repayment of the company's debt obligations, if any. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures since there may be other nondiscretionary expenditures that are not deducted from the measure. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered a substitute for or superior to cash flows from operating activities under GAAP.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20081014135407.txt.gz
TIME:20081014135407
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At its July 29, 2008 meeting, as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2008, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") elected Peter L. Fiore and Cary T. Fu as Class II directors of Teradata, with terms expiring in 2009.
At its October 7, 2008 meeting, in order to more evenly balance its director classes, the Board accepted the resignation of Cary Fu ("Mr. Fu") as a Class II director of Teradata and immediately re-appointed him as a Class III director. The term of the Class III directors expires at the 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Mr. Fu is an independent director, and there continue to be no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Fu and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving Mr. Fu that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Fu will continue as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board and his compensation arrangements with the Company were not modified as a result of his resignation and re-appointment.
At the October 7, 2008 meeting, the Board also approved amendments to certain of Teradata's executive compensation arrangements for its named executive officers to make changes mandated by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). These amendments generally are technical in nature and affect the timing, but not the amount, of compensation that could be received by the named executive officers. The more significant of these amendments are as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
The foregoing descriptions of the amendments are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the plans and agreements, as amended, which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 through 10.5 and are incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Date: October 13, 2008
 

Exhibit 10.1
October 7, 2008
Mr. Michael F. Koehler
Teradata Corporation
11695 Johns Creek Parkway
Johns Creek, GA 30097
Dear Mike:
This letter amends the letter agreement between you and Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") dated August 3, 2007 (the "Agreement"). As we have discussed, the amendments set forth below are necessary in order for the Agreement to comply with the new tax rules imposed under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
"  In the event of your "separation from service" (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code")) due to termination by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Change in Control Severance Plan as of the Start Date) or your resignation for Good Reason (as defined in the Change in Control Severance Plan as of the Start Date but subject to the final sentence of this paragraph) prior to a Change in Control of the Company, you will be entitled to receive the following:
Severance Benefits
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Severance Benefit and Pro-Rated MIP will only be paid to you if you execute a release of claims substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto after your separation from service, with such changes as are necessary or appropriate to account for changes in law or regulation (the "Release"), and the Release has become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms (taking into account any applicable revocation period set forth therein) within 55 days following your separation from service. In order to invoke a termination for Good Reason, you must provide written notice to the Company of the existence of one or more of the conditions described in the definition of Good Reason within 90 days following the initial existence of such condition or conditions, and the Company shall have 30 days following receipt of such written notice (the "Cure Period") during which it may remedy the condition. In the event that the Company fails to remedy the condition constituting Good Reason during the Cure Period, you must terminate employment, if at all, within 30 days following the Cure Period in order to terminate employment for Good Reason."
 
"at any time from the Start Date through your remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Start Date). To the extent that the reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses is considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the reimbursement must be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which, you are declared the prevailing party. The amount of such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and your right to have Teradata pay such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit."
 
" - Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, if you are a "specified employee," as determined under Teradata's policy for identifying specified employees on the date of termination, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, all payments, benefits or reimbursements paid or provided under this Agreement that
Section 409A
 
constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, that are provided as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such separation from service shall be accumulated through and paid or provided (together with interest from the date of termination at the applicable federal rate under Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the date of termination), on the first business day that is more than six months following your separation from service (or, if you die during such six-month period, within 30 days after your death).
 
Please indicate your acceptance of the amendment to the Agreement by signing below and returning a copy to me.
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
October 7, 2008
Mr. Stephen Scheppmann
Teradata Corporation
11695 Johns Creek Parkway
Johns Creek, GA 30097
Dear Steve:
This letter amends the letter agreement between you and Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") dated August 20, 2007 (the "Agreement"). As we have discussed, the amendment set forth below is necessary in order for the Agreement to comply with the new tax rules imposed under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
"at any time from the Start Date through your remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Start Date). To the extent that the reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses is considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the reimbursement must be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which, you are declared the prevailing party. The amount of such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and your right to have Teradata pay such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit."
 
" - Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, if you are a "specified employee," as determined under Teradata's policy for identifying specified employees on the date of termination, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ("Code"), all payments, benefits or reimbursements paid or provided under this Agreement that constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, that are provided as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such separation from service shall be accumulated through and paid or provided (together with interest from the date of termination at the applicable federal rate under Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the date of termination), on the first business day that is more than six months following your separation from service (or, if you die during such six-month period, within 30 days after your death)."
Section 409A
Please indicate your acceptance of the amendment to the Agreement by signing below and returning a copy to me.
 
 

Exhibit 10.3
The Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation (the "") recognizes that, from time to time, the Company may explore potential transactions that could result in a Change in Control of the Company. This possibility and the uncertainty it creates may result in the loss or distraction of certain key Employees of the Company to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders.
Board
The Board considers the avoidance of such loss and distraction to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board also believes that when a Change in Control is perceived as imminent, or is occurring, the Board should be able to receive and rely on disinterested service from Employees regarding the best interests of the Company and its shareholders without concern that Employees might be distracted or concerned by the personal uncertainties and risks created by the perception of an imminent or occurring Change in Control.
In addition, the Board believes that it is consistent with the Company's employment practices and policies and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to treat fairly its Employees whose employment terminates in connection with or following a Change in Control.
Accordingly, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to assure the Company of the continued employment and attention and dedication to duty of its Employees and to seek to ensure the availability of their continued service, notwithstanding the possibility or occurrence of a Change in Control.
Therefore, in order to fulfill the above purposes, the Board has caused the Company to adopt this Teradata Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan (the "").
Plan
The Plan is intended to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (""), and other applicable laws.
ERISA
To the extent the separation pay portion of the Plan is a pension plan, it qualifies for exemption from Parts II, III and IV of ERISA as a plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated Employees under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA.
On October 7, 2008, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, as set forth herein, to comply with the final regulations issued under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
As of the Effective Date, the Company established the Teradata Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan. On October 7, 2008, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, as set forth in this document, to comply with the final regulations issued under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
As used herein, the following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings:
(a) "". As defined is Section 4.4(b).
Accounting Firm
(b) "". The Participant's wages or base salary on an annualized basis, excluding all bonus, overtime, health additive and incentive compensation, payable by the Company as consideration for the Participant's services.
Base Salary
(c) "". An amount equal to the Participant's average bonus earned under the Company's Management Incentive Plan, or any comparable bonus under any predecessor or successor plan (or comparable plans of any predecessor company including without limitation NCR Corporation), for the last three full fiscal years prior to the Date of Termination (or for such lesser number of full fiscal years prior to the Date of Termination for which the Participant was eligible to earn such a bonus, and annualized in the case of any pro rata bonus earned for a partial fiscal year), that in the event that the Participant was not eligible to receive an annual bonus during any of the preceding three full fiscal years, an amount equal to the Participant's Target Bonus.
Bonus Amount
provided
(d) "". The Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation.
Board
(e) "". A termination for "Cause" shall have occurred where a Participant is terminated because of (A) the willful and continued failure of the Participant to perform substantially the Participant's duties with the Company or any of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) for a period of at least thirty (30) days after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by the Board or, unless the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, specifically identifying the manner in which the Board or, except if the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer believes that the Participant has not substantially performed the Participant's duties; or (B) the willful engaging by the Participant in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Participant, shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Participant's action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the Chief Executive Officer (except if the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer) or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed
Cause
 
to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. The termination of employment of the Participant shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Participant a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Participant and the Participant is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Participant is guilty of the conduct described in subsection (A) or (B) above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.
(f) "". The occurrence of any of the following events:
Change in Control
(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "")) (a "") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of thirty percent (30%) or more of either (a) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the "") or (b) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the ""); , that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, (B) any acquisition by the Company, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (d) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) of this Section; or
Exchange Act
Person
Outstanding Company Common Stock
Outstanding Company Voting Securities
provided, however
(ii) If within any 24-month period, individuals who, as of the date of this Plan, constitute the Board (the "") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Plan whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (
Incumbent Board
provided, however
 2
/
3
) of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
(iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets of another entity (a ""), in each case, unless, following such Corporate Transaction, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote
Corporate Transaction
 
generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty percent (30%) or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Corporate Transaction; and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Corporate Transaction; or
(iv) Approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Separation (as defined in the Separation Agreement) shall not constitute a Change in Control.
(g) "". As defined in Section 7.1.
Claimant
(h) "". As defined in Section 4.2(c).
COBRA Coverage
(i) "". The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
Code
(j) "". Teradata Corporation and any successor thereto.
Company
(k) "". The Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board.
Compensation Committee
(l) "". The date on which a Participant has a "separation from service" with the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Date of Termination
(m) "". The absence of the Participant from the Participant's duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness that is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.
Disability
(n) "". The Distribution Date as defined in the Separation Agreement.
Effective Date
(o) "". Any regular, full-time or part-time employee of the Company or its Affiliates.
Employee
 
(p) "". Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
ERISA
(q) "". With respect to any Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events without the Participant's prior written consent:
Good Reason
(i) the assignment to the Participant of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Participant's position (including offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities, as in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant;
(ii) any reduction in the Participant's Base Salary below the Required Base Salary,
(iii) the failure to pay incentive compensation to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the terms of the Company's Management Incentive Plan ("") or the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (""), or any successor incentive compensation plans, at the time at which such awards are usually paid or as soon thereafter as administratively feasible;
MIP
SIP
(iv) the reduction in Target Bonus or Maximum Bonus for a Participant under the MIP or any successor plan or the reduction in any SIP Target Award or SIP Maximum Award under the SIP or any successor incentive compensation plan, other than in the case of a reduction in any SIP Target Award or SIP Maximum Award, such reduction is pursuant to an across-the-board reduction applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company;
(v) the failure by the Company to continue in effect any equity compensation plan in which the Participant participates immediately prior to the Change in Control, unless a substantially equivalent alternative compensation arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or alternative plan) has been provided to the Participant, or the failure by the Company to continue the Participant's participation in any such equity compensation plan on substantially the same basis, in terms of the level of such Participant's participation relative to other participants, as existed immediately prior to the Change in Control excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant;
(vi) Except as required by law, the failure by the Company to continue to provide to the Participant employee benefits substantially equivalent, in the aggregate, to those enjoyed by the Participant under the qualified and nonqualified employee benefit and welfare plans of the Company, including, without limitation, the pension, life insurance, medical, dental, health and accident, disability retirement, and savings plans, in which the Participant was eligible to participate immediately prior to the Change in Control, other than a reduction of such benefits, in the aggregate, of less than 5% of aggregate value of such benefits as of immediately prior to the Change in Control, or the failure by the Company to provide the Participant with the number of paid vacation days to which such Participant is entitled under the Company's vacation policy immediately prior to the Change in Control;
 
(vii) the Company's requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location (x) that is more than forty (40) miles from the principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control and (y) that would increase the Participant's commute by more than twenty (20) miles from the Participant's commute immediately prior to the Change in Control, or the Company's requiring the Participant to travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Change in Control; or
(viii) any failure by the Company to comply with Article V.
(r) "". As defined in Section 4.4(a).
Gross-Up Payment
(s) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's maximum bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no maximum bonus has been established for such year under such plan, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs or (y) the Participant's maximum bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant in effect at any time after the Change in Control. As used in this definition, the reference to "maximum bonus" shall mean the maximum level under the factors the Compensation Committee may set in its exercise of downward discretion as provided in the MIP.
Maximum Bonus
provided
(t) "". As defined in Section (f)(i).
Outstanding Company Common Stock
(u) "". As defined in Section (f)(i).
Outstanding Company Voting Securities
(v) "". An Employee who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 3.1.
Participant
(w) "". The 55th day immediately following the Date of Termination, or such later date as required by Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in the event that either (i) the Participant's Date of Termination occurs prior to the applicable Change in Control in accordance with Section 4.1, (ii) the Date of Termination occurs subsequent to a Change in Control but the applicable Change in Control does not constitute a "change in the ownership or effective control" of the Company or "a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of the Company (each as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and the regulations thereunder as in effect from time to time) or (iii) the Date of Termination occurs subsequent to the second anniversary of the Change of Control, then the Payment Date means the first business day that is more than six months following the Participant's Date of Termination (or, if the Participant dies during such six-month period, the Participant's death). Interest shall accrue on any amounts payable on the date set forth in the immediately preceding sentence from the Date of Termination at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the Date of Termination.
Payment Date
(x) "". The Teradata Corporation Change in Control Severance Plan.
Plan
 
(y) "". The committee which shall have full power and authority to administer the Plan and may delegate to one or more officers and/or Employees of the Company such duties in connection with the administration of the Plan as it may deem necessary, advisable or appropriate. Prior to a Change in Control, the Plan Committee shall consist of the members of the Compensation Committee; , that any time prior to a Change in Control, the Plan Committee may designate Incumbent Board members or individuals who were officers of the Company as of immediately prior to the Change in Control ("") to serve as the Plan Committee following the Change in Control. Once designated by the Plan Committee prior to a Change in Control to serve following a Change in Control, Incumbent Members may not be removed from the Plan Committee following the Change in Control.
Plan Committee
provided, however
Incumbent Members
(z) "". As defined in Section 4.1.
Release
(aa) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control and (y) the Participant's highest Base Salary in effect at any time thereafter.
Required Base Salary
(bb) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's maximum award under the SIP or any successor plan for the year immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no maximum award has been established for such year under such plan, the most recent year preceding the Change in Control in which such an award has been established or (y) the Participant's maximum award under the SIP or any successor plan in effect at any time after the Change in Control.
SIP Maximum Award
provided
(cc) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's target award under the SIP or any successor plan for the year immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no target award has been established for such year under such plan, the most recent year preceding the Change in Control in which such an award has been established or (y) the Participant's target award under the SIP or any successor plan in effect at any time after the Change in Control.
SIP Target Award
provided
(dd) "". The Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between the Company and NCR Corporation.
Separation Agreement
(ee) "". The benefits payable in accordance with Section 4.2 of the Plan.
Separation Benefit
(ff) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's target bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no target bonus has been established for such year under such plans, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs or (y) the Participant's target bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant in effect at any time after the Change in Control. As used in this definition, the reference to "target bonus" shall mean the target level under the "Management Incentive Objectives" or other factors the Compensation Committee may set in its exercise of downward discretion as provided in the MIP.
Target Bonus
provided
(gg) "". As defined in Section 3.1.
Tier Level
 
(hh) "". As defined in Section 4.4(b).
Underpayment
(ii) "". For Participants designated as Tier Level I, three years following the Date of Termination. For Participants designated as Tier Level II, two years. For Participants designated as Tier Level III, one year.
Welfare Benefit Period
3.1 . Each Employee who is designated by the Board as a Section 16 Officer shall be eligible to be a Participant in the Plan. The Plan Committee may also designate any other Employee as a Participant. In the event the Plan Committee designates certain Participants by job title, position, function or responsibilities, an Employee who is appointed to such a position after the Effective Date of this Plan shall be eligible as a Participant upon the date he or she begins his or her duties in such position, unless otherwise determined by the Plan Committee. The Plan Committee shall designate each Participant in the Plan as a member of a specific tier for the purposes of calculating the Participants' Separation Benefit under this Plan ("").
Participation
Tier Level
3.2 . Subject to Article VI, an Employee shall cease to be a Participant in the Plan when he or she (i) ceases to be an Employee or (ii) ceases to be designated by the Board as a Section 16 officer or (iii) ceases to be designated by the Board as a Participant (unless, in the case of clause (ii), the Plan Committee specifically determines that the Employee shall remain a Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant who is entitled, as a result of ceasing to be an Employee under the circumstances set forth in Section 4.1, to payment of a Separation Benefit or any other amounts under the Plan shall remain a Participant in the Plan until the full amount of the Separation Benefit and any other amounts payable under the Plan have been paid to the Participant.
Duration of Participation
4.1 . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.4 with respect to the benefits thereunder, which shall be provided regardless of whether a Participant incurs a termination of employment, and subject to the restrictions of Section 4.6, a Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company a Separation Benefit in the amount provided in Section 4.2 if, within the two year period following the Change in Control, (i) a Participant's employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of the Participant's death or Disability) or (ii) a Participant's employment is terminated by the Participant for Good Reason; , that if the termination described in clause (i), or the event constituting Good Reason giving rise to the termination described in clause (ii), as applicable, occurs within the six-month period ending on the date of such Change in Control, but the Participant can reasonably demonstrate that such termination or event, as applicable, occurred at the request of a third party who had taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control, the termination or event, as applicable, will be treated for all purposes of this Plan as having occurred immediately following the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any benefits be provided to a Participant under this Plan unless the Participant has executed a restrictive covenant and release agreement in the form attached hereto as (the "Release"), the Participant has not revoked the Release, and the Release has become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms by the Payment Date.
Right to Separation Benefit
provided
Exhibit A
 
4.2 .
Separation Benefits
(a) In General. If a Participant's employment is terminated in circumstances entitling him or her to a Separation Benefit as provided in Section 4.1, the Company shall pay such Participant a lump sum in cash, within thirty (30) days following the Payment Date, a Separation Benefit equal to the product of (a) the sum of the Participant's Required Base Salary and the Participant's Bonus Amount and (b) the Separation Multiplier shown in Table 1 as determined by the Participant's designated Tier Level.
 
(b) . In addition, if a Participant's employment is terminated in circumstances entitling him or her to a Separation Benefit as provided in Section 4.1, the Company shall pay such Participant a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the sum of:
Accrued Incentive Pay
(i) the amount of any unpaid annual bonus under the MIP or any successor plan and award under the SIP or any successor plan for any completed performance period, which amount shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan document or award agreement; plus
(ii) the product of (x) the Bonus Amount and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the bonus year in which the Date of Termination occurs through the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365, which amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the Payment Date.
(c) .
Welfare and Other Benefits
(i) In addition, during the Welfare Benefit Period or such longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan, program, practice or policy, the Company shall provide to a Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit, continued health care, dental and life insurance for the Participant and/or the Participant's family at least equal to, and at the same cost to the Participant and/or the Participant's family, as those that would have been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices and policies in effect as of immediately prior to a Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Participant, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliates and their families; , that notwithstanding the Welfare Benefit Period, such medical and other welfare benefits shall terminate upon such time as the Participant becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive such benefits
provided, however
 
under another employer provided plan. The Participant's entitlement to COBRA continuation coverage under Section 4980B of the Code ("") shall not be offset by the provision of benefits under this Section and the period of COBRA Coverage shall commence at the end of the Welfare Benefit Period, during which the Participant receives benefits under this Section).
COBRA Coverage
(ii) A Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit will also be entitled to participate in the Company's outplacement assistance program, provided by the Company's selected outplacement services firm, as in effect under the Company's policy applicable to the Participant on the date of the Change in Control, for a period of one (1) year following his or her Date of Termination.
(iii) In addition, to the extent a Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit was eligible to receive financial counseling benefits under the Company's policy in effect at the time of a Change in Control, such Participant shall be entitled to receive such financial counseling benefits for a period of one (1) year following his or her Date of Termination.
(iv) The continued benefits described in this Section that are taxable benefits (and that are not disability pay or death benefit plans within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) are intended to comply, to the maximum extent possible, with the exception to Section 409A of the Code set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations. To the extent that any of those benefits either do not qualify for that exception, or are provided beyond the applicable time periods set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations, then they shall be subject to the following additional rules: (i) any reimbursement of eligible expenses shall be paid within 30 days following the Participant's written request for reimbursement; provided that the Participant provides written notice no later than 60 days prior to the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any calendar year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during any other calendar year; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
4.3 . The Separation Benefit provided pursuant to Section 4.2 above shall be provided in addition to, and not in lieu of, all other accrued or vested or earned but deferred compensation, rights, options or other benefits which may be owed to a Participant upon or following termination, including, but not limited to accrued vacation or sick pay, reimbursement for business expenses previously incurred, amounts or benefits payable under any bonus or other compensation plans, the MIP, the SIP, stock option plan, stock ownership plan, stock purchase plan, life insurance plan, health plan, disability plan or similar or successor plan, other than any severance plan, program, agreement or arrangement , unless such plan, program, agreement or arrangement has a specific reference to this Section. Stock options and other stock awards under the Teradata 2007 Stock Incentive Plan or comparable plan will vest and become payable or exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change in Control to the extent provided in that plan.
Other Benefits Payable
 
4.4 .
Tax Gross-Up
(a) Anything in this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in the event it shall be determined that any Payment would be subject to the Excise Tax, then the Participant shall be entitled to receive an additional payment (the "") in an amount such that, after payment by the Participant of all taxes (and any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such taxes), including, without limitation, any income taxes (and any interest and penalties imposed with respect thereto) and Excise Tax imposed upon the Gross-Up Payment, the Participant retains an amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed upon the Payments. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if it shall be determined that the Participant is entitled to the Gross-Up Payment, but that the Parachute Value of all Payments does not exceed 110% of the Safe Harbor Amount, then no Gross-Up Payment shall be made to the Participant and the amounts payable under this Plan shall be reduced so that the Parachute Value of all Payments, in the aggregate, equals the Safe Harbor Amount. The reduction of the amounts payable hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by first reducing the payments under Section 4.2(a), and then any payments due under Section 4.2(b)(ii), and then any benefits due under Section 4.2(c) (with benefits or payments in any group having different payment terms being reduced on a pro-rata basis). For purposes of reducing the Payments to the Safe Harbor Amount, only amounts payable under the Sections of this Plan identified in the immediately preceding sentence (and no other Payments) shall be reduced. If the reduction of the amount payable under this Plan would not result in a reduction of the Parachute Value of all Payments to the Safe Harbor Amount, no amounts payable under the Plan shall be reduced pursuant to this Section. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Company's obligations under this Section shall not be conditioned upon the Participant's termination of employment. By way of example, in the event of a Change in Control which does not result in a Participant's termination of employment or entitlement to a Separation Benefit under this Plan, but which causes the accelerated vesting of such Participant's stock options under a separate plan giving rise to an Excise Tax, the Company's obligations under this Section shall apply with respect to such accelerated vesting.
Gross-Up Payment
(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 4.4(c), all determinations required to be made under this Section, including whether and when a Gross-Up Payment is required, the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made by the Company's then current independent outside auditors, or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Plan Committee immediately prior to a Change in Control (the ""). The Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and the Participant within fifteen business days of the receipt of notice from the Participant that there has been a Payment or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. In the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change in Control, the Plan Committee may appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder (which accounting firm shall then be referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company. Any Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section, shall be paid by the Company to the Participant within five days of the receipt of the Accounting Firm's determination. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and the Participant. As a result of uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm hereunder, it is possible that
Accounting Firm
 
Gross-Up Payments that will not have been made by the Company should have been made (the ""), consistent with the calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event the Company exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 4.4(c) and the Participant thereafter is required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the Participant.
Underpayment
(c) The Participant shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful, would require the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such notification shall be given as soon as practicable, but no later than ten business days after the Participant is informed in writing of such claim. The Participant shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such claim is requested to be paid. The Participant shall not pay such claim prior to the expiration of the 30-day period following the date on which the Participant gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due). If the Company notifies the Participant in writing prior to the expiration of such period that the Company desires to contest such claim, the Participant shall:
(i) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to such claim,
(ii) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including, without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,
(iii) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to contest such claim, and
(iv) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to such claim;
, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Participant harmless, on an after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and penalties) imposed as a result of such representation and payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of this Section, the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection with such contest and, at its sole discretion, may pursue or forgo any and all administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the applicable taxing authority in respect of such claim and may, at its sole discretion, either pay the tax claimed to the appropriate taxing authority on behalf of the Participant and direct the Participant to sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and the Participant agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more appellate courts, as the Company shall determine; , that, if the Company pays such claim and directs the Participant to sue for a refund, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Participant harmless, on an after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or penalties) imposed with respect to such
provided, however
provided, however
 
payment or with respect to any imputed income in connection with such payment; and , that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to payment of taxes for the taxable year of the Participant with respect to which such contested amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested amount. Furthermore, the Company's control of the contest shall be limited to issues with respect to which the Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder, and the Participant shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority.
provided, further
(d) If, after the receipt by the Participant of a Gross-Up Payment or payment by the Company of an amount on the Participant's behalf pursuant to Section 4.4(c), the Participant becomes entitled to receive any refund with respect to the Excise Tax to which such Gross-Up Payment relates or with respect to such claim, the Participant shall (subject to the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 4.4(c), if applicable) promptly pay to the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after payment by the Company of an amount on the Participant's behalf pursuant to Section 4.4(c), a determination is made that the Participant shall not be entitled to any refund with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Participant in writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration of thirty days after such determination, then the amount of such payment shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to be paid.
(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, the Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold and pay over to the Internal Revenue Service or any other applicable taxing authority, for the benefit of the Participant, all or any portion of any Gross-Up Payment, and the Participant hereby consents to such withholding. Moreover, in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the Company and the Participant shall take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that any Gross-Up Payment, Underpayment or other payment or reimbursement made to the Participant pursuant to this Section will be paid or reimbursed on the earlier of (i) the date specified for payment under this Section, or (ii) December 31st of the year following the year in which the applicable taxes are remitted or, in the case of reimbursement of expenses incurred due to a tax audit or litigation to which there is no remittance of taxes, the end of the calendar year following the year in which the audit is completed or there is a final and nonappealable settlement or other resolution of the litigation in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.
(f) . The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section.
Definitions
(i) "Excise Tax" shall mean the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.
(ii) "Parachute Value" of a Payment shall mean the present value as of the date of the change of control for purposes of Section 280G of the Code of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a "parachute payment" under Section 280G(b)(2), as determined by the Accounting Firm for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax will apply to such Payment.
 
(iii) A "Payment" shall mean any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Participant, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Plan or otherwise.
(iv) The "Safe Harbor Amount" means 2.99 times the Participant's "base amount," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code.
(v) "Value" of a Payment shall mean the economic present value of a Payment as of the date of the change of control for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, as determined by the Accounting Firm using the discount rate required by Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code.
4.5 . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.2(c), the Company's obligation to make the payments provided for in this Plan and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against a Participant or others. In no event shall a Participant be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Participant under any of the provisions of this Plan, and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Participant obtains other employment.
Payment Obligations Absolute
4.6 . For purposes of this Plan, "termination of employment" or words or phrases to that effect shall mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, if the Participant is a "specified employee," as determined under the Company's policy for identifying specified employees on the Date of Termination, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, all payments, benefits or reimbursements paid or provided under this Plan that constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, that are provided as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such Date of Termination shall be accumulated through and paid or provided (together with interest from the Date of Termination at the applicable federal rate under Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the Date of Termination), on the first business day that is more than six months following the Participant's Date of Termination (or, if the Participant dies during such six-month period, within 30 days after the Participant's death).
Section 409A
This Plan shall bind any successor of or to the Company, its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Plan if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the Company shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Company's obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The term "," as used in this Plan, shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by this Plan.
Company
 
6.1 . The Plan shall continue in effect from the Effective Date through December 31, 2009; , that the Plan shall renew automatically for successive one-year periods unless the Board determines, through a resolution duly adopted by a majority of the entire membership of the Board no later than ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then current term, that the Plan shall not be extended, in which event the Plan shall terminate at the expiration of the then current term. In the event that a Change of Control occurs within one year following a termination, the Plan shall not so terminate. If a Change in Control occurs, this Plan shall continue in full force and effect and shall not terminate or expire until after all Participants who become entitled to any payments hereunder shall have received such payments in full and all adjustments required to be made pursuant to Section 4.4 have been made.
Duration
provided, however
6.2 . The Plan may be amended in any respect by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board; , in the event that a Change in Control occurs within one year following an amendment to the Plan that would adversely affect the rights or potential rights of Participants, the amendment will not be effective. In anticipation of or on or following a Change in Control, the Plan shall no longer be subject to amendment, change, substitution, deletion, revocation or termination in any respect which adversely affects the rights of Participants without the consent of each Participant so affected. For the avoidance of doubt, removal of a Participant as a Participant (other than as a result of the Participant ceasing to be an Employee) or a decrease in the Participant's Tier Level shall be deemed to be an amendment of the Plan which adversely affects the right of the Participant.
Amendment and Termination
provided, however
6.3 . The form of any amendment or termination of the Plan shall be a written instrument signed by a duly authorized officer or officers of the Company, certifying that the amendment or termination has been approved by the Board. An amendment of the Plan in accordance with the terms hereof shall automatically effect a corresponding amendment to all Participants' rights and benefits hereunder. A termination of the Plan shall be in accordance with the terms hereof automatically effect a termination of all Participants' rights and benefits hereunder.
Form of Amendment
7.1 . Any interpretation or construction of, or determination or action by, the Plan Committee with respect to the Plan and its administration shall be binding upon any and all parties and persons affected thereby, subject to the exclusive appeal procedure set forth herein, except for any interpretation or construction of, or determination or action by, the Plan Committee relating to whether a Participant has "" to resign, which shall not be determined by the Plan Committee but instead shall be subject to de novo review. If any person eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, or claiming to be so eligible, believes he or she is entitled to benefits in an amount greater than those which he or she has received (a ""),
Determinations of the Plan Committee; Dispute Resolution
Good Reason
Claimant
 
he or she may file a claim in writing with the Teradata Pension and Benefits Committee (""). The PBC shall review the claim and, within 90 days after the claim is filed, shall give written notice to the Claimant of the decision. If the claim is denied, the notice shall give the reason for the denial, the pertinent provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based, a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and an explanation of the claim review procedure under the Plan. Any person who has had a claim for benefits denied by the PBC shall have the right to request review by the Plan Committee. Such request must be in writing, and must be made within sixty days after such person is advised of the denial of benefits. If written request for review is not received within such sixty day period, the Claimant shall forfeit his or her right to review. The Plan Committee shall review claims that are appealed, and may hold a hearing if it deems necessary, and shall issue a written notice of the final decision. Such notice shall include specific reasons for the decision and specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the decision is based. The decision shall be final and binding upon the Claimant and the Plan Committee and all other persons involved. Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Plan and not resolved through the foregoing process shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in the city of the Company's headquarters, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. In addition, and as an exclusive alternative to the filing of a claim with the PBC, a Claimant may seek to resolve a dispute or controversy by filing a claim in arbitration without first seeking the review of the PBC or Plan Committee. The arbitrator may award only those damages which are consistent with the terms of this Plan and shall not have authority to award punitive damages. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction.
PBC
7.2 . If a Participant institutes any legal action in seeking to obtain or enforce, or is required to defend in any legal action the validity or enforceability of, any right or benefit provided by this Plan, the Company shall reimburse the Participant (within 10 days following the Company's receipt of an invoice from the Participant) for all reasonable costs and expenses relating to such legal action that are incurred at any time from the Effective Date through the Participant's remaining lifetime or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Effective Date, including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses incurred by such Participant, unless a court or other finder of fact having jurisdiction thereof makes a determination that the Participant's position was frivolous. In no event shall the Participant be required to reimburse the Company for any of the costs and expenses relating to such legal action. The Company's obligations under this Section shall survive the termination of this Plan. In order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, in no event shall the payments by the Company under this Section be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred, provided, that the Participant shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 30 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred. The amount of such legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and the Participant's right to have the Company pay such legal fees and expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit.
Indemnification
 
7.3 . This Plan does not constitute a contract of employment or impose on the Participant or the Company any obligation to retain the Participant as an Employee, to change the status of the Participant's employment, or to change the Company's policies or those of its subsidiaries' regarding termination of employment.
Employment Status
7.4 . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect, and any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Validity and Severability
7.5 . It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under this Plan shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. This Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent. If any compensation or benefits provided by this Plan may result in the application of Section 409A of the Code, the Company shall modify the Plan in the least restrictive manner necessary in order to exclude such compensation from the definition of "deferred compensation" within the meaning of such Section 409A or in order to comply with the provisions of Section 409A, other applicable provision(s) of the Code and/or any rules, regulations or other regulatory guidance issued under such statutory provisions and without any diminution in the value of the payments to the Participants. Although the Company will use its best efforts to avoid the imposition of taxation, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Plan is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by a Participant (or any other individual claiming a benefit through the Participant) as a result of this Plan.
Section 409A Savings Clause
7.6 . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of the Plan shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of law, and to the extent not preempted by ERISA.
Governing Law
7.7 . The Compensation Committee may establish a trust with a bank trustee, for the purpose of paying benefits under this Plan. If so established, the trust shall be a grantor trust subject to the claims of the Company's creditors and shall, immediately prior to a Change in Control, be funded in cash or common stock of the Company or such other assets as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate with an amount equal to 120 percent of the aggregate benefits payable under this Plan (including without limitation any required Gross-Up Payments) assuming that all Participants in the Plan incurred a termination of employment entitling them to Separation Benefits immediately following the Change in Control, , that, in the event that such funding would result in the imposition of taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code with respect to any current or former Section 16 officers or any "covered employees" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the trust shall not be funded with respect to such individuals.
Trust
provided
7.8 . The Company may withhold from any amount payable or benefit provided under this Plan such Federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
Withholding
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby certifies that this amended Plan was approved and adopted by the Board on October 7, 2008 and, therefore, Teradata has caused this amended Plan to be executed this 7th day of October, 2008.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement, which includes a release.
 
 

Exhibit 10.4
SECTION 1. Purpose; Definitions
The purpose of this Plan is to give the Company a competitive advantage in attracting, retaining and motivating officers, employees, directors and/or consultants and to provide the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates with a long-term incentive plan that (a) grants new Awards to provide incentives directly linked to stockholder value and (b) provides a means to assume and govern other awards pursuant to the adjustment of awards granted under any NCR Long Term Incentive Plan (as defined in the Employee Benefits Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement ("Adjusted Awards"). Certain terms used herein have definitions given to them in the first place in which they are used. In addition, for purposes of this Plan, the following terms are defined as set forth below:
(a) "" means a corporation or other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with, the Company.
Affiliate
(b) "" means the New York Stock Exchange or such other securities exchange as may at the applicable time be the principal market for the Common Stock.
Applicable Exchange
(c) "" means an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Units or Other Stock-Based Award granted pursuant to the terms of this Plan.
Award
(d) "" means a written document or agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of a specific Award.
Award Agreement
(e) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(f) "" means, unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, (i) "Cause" as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the applicable Participant is a party, or (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or if it does not define Cause: (A) conviction of the Participant for committing a felony under federal law or the law of the state in which such action occurred, (B) dishonesty in the course of fulfilling the Participant's employment duties, (C) failure on the part of the Participant to perform substantially such Participant's employment duties in any material respect, (D) a material violation of the Company's ethics and compliance program, or (E) before a Change in Control, such other events as shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant's Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the general rule of Section 2(c), following a Change in Control, any determination by the Committee as to whether "Cause" exists shall be subject to de novo review.
Cause
(g) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).
Change in Control
(h) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.
Code
(i) "" means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency.
Commission
(j) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).
Committee
(k) "" means common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company.
Common Stock
(l) "" means Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Company
(m) "" means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement (i) "Disability" as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the Participant is a party, (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or it does not define "Disability," (A) permanent and total disability as determined under the Company's long-term disability plan applicable to the Participant, or (B) if there is no such plan applicable to the Participant, "Disability" as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding the above, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, Disability shall mean Permanent and Total Disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and, with respect to all Awards, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, "disability" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Disability
(n) "" means a Subsidiary's or Affiliate's ceasing to be a Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason (including, without limitation, as a result of a public offering, or a spinoff or sale by the Company, of the stock of the Subsidiary or Affiliate) or a sale of a division of the Company and its Affiliates.
Disaffiliation
(o) "" means directors, officers, employees, contractors and consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and prospective employees, contractors and consultants who have accepted offers of employment, contract services or consultancy from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.
Eligible Individuals
(p) "" means the Employee Benefits Agreement by and between NCR Corporation and the Company dated as of September 21, 2007.
Employee Benefits Agreement
(q) "" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.
Exchange Act
(r) "" means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the Applicable Exchange on the date of measurement, or if Shares were not traded on the Applicable Exchange on such measurement date, then on the next preceding date on which Shares were traded, all as reported by such source as the Committee may select. If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in its good faith discretion.
Fair Market Value
(s) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Free-Standing SAR
(t) "" means any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or dividend equivalent right.
Full Value Award
(u) "" means (i) the date on which the Committee by resolution selects an Eligible Individual to receive a grant of an Award and determines the number of Shares to be subject to such Award, or (ii) such later date as the Committee shall provide in such resolution.
Grant Date
(v) "" means any Option that is designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, and that in fact so qualifies.
Incentive Stock Option
 
(w) "" means an employment, consulting or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.
Individual Agreement
(x) "" means any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option.
Nonqualified Option
(y) "" means an Award granted under Section 5.
Option
(z) "" means Awards of Common Stock and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based upon, Common Stock, including (without limitation), unrestricted stock, dividend equivalents, and convertible debentures.
Other Stock-Based Award
(aa) "" means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award is or has been granted.
Participant
(bb) "" means the performance goals established by the Committee in connection with the grant of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Other Stock-Based Awards. In the case of Qualified Performance-Based Awards, (i) such goals shall be based on the attainment of specified levels of one or more of the following measures: revenues; revenue growth; product revenue growth; earnings (including earnings before taxes, earnings before interest and taxes or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization); earnings per share; operating income (including non-pension operating income); pre- or after-tax income (before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (before or after dividends); cash flow per share (before or after dividends); gross margin; return on equity; return on capital (including return on total capital or return on invested capital); cash flow return on investment; return on assets or operating assets; economic value added (or an equivalent metric); stock price appreciation; total stockholder return (measured in terms of stock price appreciation and dividend growth); cost control; gross profit; operating profit; cash generation; unit volume; stock price; market share; sales; asset quality; cost saving levels; marketing-spending efficiency; core non-interest income; debt reductions; stockholder equity; regulatory achievements; implementation, completion or attainment of measurable objectives with respect to research, development, products or projects; recruiting and maintaining personnel; or change in working capital with respect to the Company or any one or more subsidiaries, divisions, business units or business segments of the Company either in absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more other companies or an index covering multiple companies and (ii) such Performance Goals shall be set by the Committee within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Performance Goals
(cc) "" means that period established by the Committee at the time any Performance Unit is granted or at any time thereafter during which any Performance Goals specified by the Committee with respect to such Award are to be measured.
Performance Period
(dd) "" means any Award granted under Section 8 of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, or any combination thereof, upon achievement of such Performance Goals during the Performance Period as the Committee shall establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.
Performance Unit
 
(ee) "" means this Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as hereafter amended from time to time.
Plan
(ff) "" means an Award intended to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, as provided in Section 11.
Qualified Performance-Based Award
(gg) "" means an Award granted under Section 6.
Restricted Stock
(hh) "" means an Award granted under Section 7.
Restricted Stock Units
(ii) "" means the exemption from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code that is set forth in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.
Section 162(m) Exemption
(jj) "" means any manager of the Company or any Affiliate holding a position at a salary grade of 15 or higher or any future grade that is the equivalent thereof.
Senior Manager
(kk) "" means a share of Common Stock.
Share
(ll) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Stock Appreciation Right
(mm) "" means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity during any period in which at least a 50% voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any successor to the Company.
Subsidiary
(nn) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Tandem SAR
(oo) "" means the maximum period during which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may remain outstanding, subject to earlier termination upon Termination of Employment or otherwise, as specified in the applicable Award Agreement.
Term
(pp) "" means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the termination of the applicable Participant's employment with, or performance of services for, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, (i) if a Participant's employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity, such change in status shall not be deemed a Termination of Employment and (ii) a Participant employed by, or performing services for, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate or a division of the Company and its Affiliates shall be deemed to incur a Termination of Employment if, as a result of a Disaffiliation, such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division ceases to be a Subsidiary, Affiliate or division, as the case may be, and the Participant does not immediately thereafter become an employee of, or service provider for, the Company or another Subsidiary or Affiliate. Temporary absences from employment because of illness, vacation or leave of absence and transfers among the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall not be considered Terminations of Employment. For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreements relating to any Adjusted Awards, the Separation shall not constitute a Termination of Employment for purposes of any Adjusted Award. Notwithstanding the above, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, the term Termination of Employment shall mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Termination of Employment
 
SECTION 2. Administration
(a) . The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board or such other committee of the Board as the Board may from time to time designate (the "Committee"), which shall be composed of not less than two directors, and shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Committee shall, subject to Section 11, have plenary authority to grant Awards pursuant to the terms of the Plan to Eligible Individuals. Among other things, the Committee shall have the authority, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Employee Benefits Agreement (including the terms of the Adjusted Award):
Committee
(i) to select the Eligible Individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted;
(ii) to determine whether and to what extent Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Other Stock-Based Awards, or any combination thereof, are to be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the terms and conditions of each Award granted hereunder, based on such factors as the Committee shall determine;
(v) subject to Section 12, to modify, amend or adjust the terms and conditions of any Award;
(vi) to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time deem advisable;
(vii) to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto);
(viii) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares and other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant;
(ix) to accelerate the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any outstanding Award, based in each case on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion determines;
(x) to decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;
(xi) to establish any "blackout" period that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable; and
(xii) to otherwise administer the Plan.
(b) .
Procedures
(i) The Committee may act only by a majority of its members then in office, except that the Committee may, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange and subject to Section 11, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it, including to the Company's chief executive officer or one or more directors or executive officers the authority to grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are not officers of the Company.
 
(ii) Subject to Section 11(c), any authority granted to the Committee may also be exercised by the full Board. To the extent that any permitted action taken by the Board conflicts with action taken by the Committee, the Board action shall control.
(c) . Subject to Section 1(f), any determination made by the Committee or by an appropriately delegated officer pursuant to delegated authority under the provisions of the Plan with respect to any Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or such delegate at the time of the grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan, at any time thereafter. All decisions made by the Committee or any appropriately delegated officer pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible Individuals.
Discretion of Committee
(d) . Subject to Section 5(d), the Committee shall have full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any Award shall be canceled or suspended. In particular, but without limitation, all outstanding Awards to any Participant may be canceled if the Participant, without the consent of the Committee, while employed by the Company or after termination of such employment, becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to, or owns any interest in (other than any nonsubstantial interest, as determined by the Committee), any business that is in competition with the Company or with any business in which the Company has a substantial interest, as determined by the Committee or any one or more Senior Managers or committee of Senior Managers to whom the authority to make such determination is delegated by the Committee.
Cancellation or Suspension
(e) . The terms and conditions of each Award, as determined by the Committee, shall be set forth in a written (or electronic) Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant receiving such Award upon, or as promptly as is reasonably practicable following, the grant of such Award. The effectiveness of an Award shall be subject to the Award Agreement's being signed by the Company and/or the Participant receiving the Award unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. Award Agreements may be amended only in accordance with Section 12 hereof.
Award Agreements
SECTION 3. Common Stock Subject to Plan
(a) . The maximum number of Shares that may be granted pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be 20 million. The maximum number of Shares that may be granted pursuant to Options intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be 5 million Shares and shall not be affected by the provisions of Section 3(c)(ii). Shares subject to an Award under the Plan may be authorized and unissued Shares.
Plan Maximums
(b) . No Participant may be granted Options and Free-Standing SARs covering in excess of 2 million Shares, or Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units or other award subject to Performance Goals covering in excess of 750,000 Shares, during a 36 month period.
Individual Limits
(c) .
Rules for Calculating Shares Delivered
(i) With respect to Awards other than Adjusted Awards, to the extent that any Award is forfeited, or any Option and the related Tandem SAR (if any) or Free-Standing SAR terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, or any Award is settled for cash, the Shares subject to such Awards not delivered as a result thereof shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.
 
(ii) With respect to Awards other than Adjusted Awards, if the exercise price of any Option and/or the tax withholding obligations relating to any Award are satisfied by delivering Shares (either actually or through attestation) or withholding Shares relating to such Award or if any Shares subject to an Award shall otherwise not be delivered in settlement of such Award (including upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right), only the net number of Shares received by the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued for purposes of the maximum number of Shares in the first sentence of Section 3(a).
(iii) The provisions of Section 3(c)(i) and 3(c)(ii) shall also apply to Adjusted Awards such that any Shares subject to such awards that are forfeited or terminated, expire, lapse without being exercised or are settled for cash shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.
(d) . In the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, Disaffiliation, or similar event affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a "Corporate Transaction"), the Committee or the Board may in its discretion make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards; and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. In the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, separation, spinoff, reorganization, extraordinary dividend of cash or other property, share combination, or recapitalization or similar event affecting the capital structure of the Company (each, a "Share Change"), the Committee or the Board shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards; and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. In the case of Corporate Transactions, such adjustments may include, without limitation, (1) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for payments of cash, property or a combination thereof having an aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the Committee or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that in the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders of Common Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity securities of the ultimate surviving entity, any such determination by the Committee that the value of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration being paid for each Share pursuant to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall conclusively be deemed valid), , that in the event of the cancellation of such Awards pursuant to this clause (1), the Awards shall vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of such Corporate Transaction; (2) the substitution of other property (including, without limitation, cash or other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company) for the Shares subject to outstanding Awards; and (3) in connection with any
Adjustment Provision
provided
 
Disaffiliation, arranging for the assumption of Awards, or replacement of Awards with new awards based on other property or other securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company), by the affected Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division or by the entity that controls such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division following such Disaffiliation (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards that remain based upon Company securities). The Committee may adjust in its sole discretion the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards to reflect any unusual or non-recurring events and other extraordinary items, impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles or as identified in the Company's financial statements, notes to the financial statements, management's discussion and analysis or the Company's other SEC filings, that in the case of Performance Goals applicable to any Qualified Performance-Based Awards, such adjustment does not violate Section 162(m) of the Code.
provided
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; (ii) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are not considered "deferred compensation" subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that after such adjustment, the Awards either (A) continue not to be subject to Section 409A of the Code or (B) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; and (iii) in any event, neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the authority to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(d) to the extent the existence of such authority would cause an Award that is not intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code at the Grant Date to be subject thereto.
Section 409A.
SECTION 4. Eligibility
Awards may be granted under the Plan to Eligible Individuals and, with respect to Adjusted Awards, in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement; , , that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code) and, with respect to Adjusted Awards that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 421 of the Code, in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement; that Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code may be granted only to Eligible Individuals who are providing services to the Company or any corporation or other entity as to which the Company is an "eligible issuer of service recipient stock" (within the meaning of 409A of the Code).
provided
however
provided, further,
SECTION 5. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
(a) . Options may be of two types: Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified Options. The Award Agreement for an Option shall indicate whether the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option.
Types of Options
(b) . Stock Appreciation Rights may be "Tandem SARs," which are granted in conjunction with an Option, or "Free-Standing SARs," which are not granted in conjunction with an Option. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, Shares, or both, in value equal to the product
Types and Nature of Stock Appreciation Rights
 
of (i) the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the exercise price of the applicable Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied by (ii) the number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The applicable Award Agreement shall specify whether such payment is to be made in cash or Common Stock or both, or shall reserve to the Committee or the Participant the right to make that determination prior to or upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right.
(c) . A Tandem SAR may be granted at the Grant Date of the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the related Option is exercisable in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5, and shall have the same exercise price as the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the related Option, and the related Option shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the Tandem SAR.
Tandem SARs
(d) . The exercise price per Share subject to an Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on the applicable Grant Date. In no event may any Option or Free-Standing SAR granted under this Plan be amended, other than pursuant to Section 3(d), to decrease the exercise price thereof, be cancelled in conjunction with the grant of any new Option or Free-Standing SAR with a lower exercise price, or otherwise be subject to any action that would be treated, for accounting purposes, as a "repricing" of such Option or Free-Standing SAR, unless such amendment, cancellation, or action is approved by the Company's stockholders.
Exercise Price
(e) . The Term of each Option and each Free-Standing SAR shall be fixed by the Committee, but shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date (except in the case of death or Disability).
Term
(f) . Except as otherwise provided herein, Options and Free-Standing SARs shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee, including terms and conditions related to the continued service of the applicable Participant or the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, provided that in no event shall the normal vesting schedule of an Option or Free-Standing SAR provide that such Option or Free-Standing SAR vest prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant (other than in the case of death or Disability). If the Committee provides that any Option or Free-Standing SAR will become exercisable only in installments, the Committee may at any time waive such installment exercise provisions, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Committee may determine.
Vesting and Exercisability
(g) . The method of exercising Options and SARs shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.
Method of Exercise
(h) . No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the exercise price therefor has been fully paid and applicable taxes have been withheld. The applicable Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is subject to the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (including, if applicable, the right to vote the applicable Shares and the right to receive dividends), when the Participant (i) has given written notice of exercise, (ii) if requested, has given the representation described in Section 14(a), and (iii) in the case of an Option, has paid in full for such Shares.
Delivery; Rights of Stockholders
 
(i) . No Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be transferable by a Participant other than (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (ii) in the case of a Nonqualified Option or Free-Standing SAR, if expressly permitted by the Committee pursuant to a transfer to the Participant's family members, whether directly or indirectly or by means of a trust or partnership or otherwise, or a transfer for a charitable donation. For purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, "family member" shall have the meaning given to such term in General Instructions A.1(a)(5) to Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. A Tandem SAR shall be transferable only with the related Option as permitted by the preceding sentence. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable, subject to the terms of this Plan, only by the applicable Participant, the guardian or legal representative of such Participant, or any person to whom such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is permissibly transferred pursuant to this Section 5(i), it being understood that the term "Participant" includes such guardian, legal representative and other transferee; , , that the term "Termination of Employment" shall continue to refer to the Termination of Employment of the original Participant.
Nontransferability of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
provided
however
SECTION 6. Restricted Stock
(a) . Shares of Restricted Stock are actual Shares issued to a Participant, and shall be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book-entry registration or issuance of one or more stock certificates. Any certificate issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the applicable Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form:
Nature of Awards and Certificates
"The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the Teradata Corporation, 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file at the offices of Teradata Corporation, 2835 Miami Village Drive, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342."
The Committee may require that the certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the applicable Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award.
(b) . Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
Terms and Conditions
(i) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (B) the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee conditions the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior
 
to or at the time of grant, designate an Award of Restricted Stock as a Qualified Performance-Based Award. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Awards (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient.
(ii) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Award for which such vesting restrictions apply (the "Restriction Period"), and until the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Shares of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, any Award of Restricted Stock shall be subject to vesting during the Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and that an Award may vest in part on a pro rata basis prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Restricted Stock (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full-Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided, further
provided
further
(iii) Except as provided in this Section 6 and in the applicable Award Agreement, the applicable Participant shall have, with respect to the Shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock, including, if applicable, the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash dividends. If so determined by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement and subject to Section 14(e), (A) cash dividends on the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock Award shall be automatically deferred and reinvested in additional Restricted Stock, held subject to the vesting of the underlying Restricted Stock, and (B) subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 3(d), dividends payable in Common Stock shall be paid in the form of Restricted Stock of the same class as the Common Stock with which such dividend was paid, held subject to the vesting of the underlying Restricted Stock.
(iv) If and when any applicable Performance Goals are satisfied and the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Shares of Restricted Stock for which legended certificates have been issued, unlegended certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant upon surrender of the legended certificates.
SECTION 7. Restricted Stock Units
(a) . Restricted Stock Units are Awards denominated in Shares that will be settled, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units, in an amount in cash, Shares, or both, based upon the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares.
Nature of Awards
(b) . Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
Terms and Conditions
(i) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (B) the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee conditions the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate the Restricted Stock Units as a Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the Restricted Stock Units vest or at a later time specified by the Committee or in accordance with an election of the Participant, if the Committee so permits.
 
(ii) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Units for which such vesting restrictions apply (the "Restriction Period"), and until the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, any Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to vesting during the Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and that a Restricted Stock Unit may vest in part prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Restricted Stock Units (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full-Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided, further
provided
further
(iii) The Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units shall specify whether, to what extent and on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant shall be entitled to receive current or deferred payments of cash, Common Stock or other property corresponding to the dividends payable on the Common Stock (subject to Section 14(e) below).
SECTION 8. Performance Units.
Performance Units may be issued hereunder to Eligible Individuals, for no cash consideration or for such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Performance Goals to be achieved during any Performance Period and the length of the Performance Period shall be determined by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Unit,that the Performance Period shall be no less than one year following the date of grant. The Committee may, in connection with the grant of Performance Units, designate them as Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Performance Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Performance Units may be paid in cash, Shares, other property or any combination thereof, in the sole discretion of the Committee as set forth in the applicable Award
provided
 
Agreement. The performance levels to be achieved for each Performance Period and the amount of the Award to be distributed shall be conclusively determined by the Committee. Performance Units may be paid in a lump sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period. The maximum value of the property, including cash, that may be paid or distributed to any Participant pursuant to a grant of Performance Units made in any Performance Period shall be $7.5 million dollars.
SECTION 9. Other Stock-Based Awards
Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted under the Plan, provided that any Other Stock-Based Awards that are Awards of Common Stock that are unrestricted shall only be granted in lieu of other compensation due and payable to the Participant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any Other Stock-Based Award that is a Full Value Award shall be subject to vesting during a Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and , that an Other Stock-Based Award that is a Full Value Award may vest in part on a pro rata basis prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Other Stock-Based Awards that are Full Value Awards (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided
further
provided
further
SECTION 10. Change in Control Provisions
(a) . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, unless Awards are not assumed, converted or replaced in which case such Awards shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control, upon a Participant's Termination of Employment, during the 24-month period following a Change in Control, (x) by the Company other than for Cause or Disability or (y) for Participants who are participants in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan (the "CIC Severance Plan"), for Participants who participate in a Teradata Severance Policy ("Severance Policy") at a level that provides the Participant with the opportunity to resign for "good reason," and for other Participants to the extent set forth in an Award Agreement, by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined below):
Impact of Event
(i) any Options and Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall be fully exercisable and vested and shall remain exercisable until the later of (A) the last date on which such Option or Stock Appreciation Right would be exercisable in the absence of this Section 10(a) and (B) the first anniversary of such Termination of Employment, that in no event shall the Option or Stock Appreciation Right be exercisable beyond the expiration of the Term of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right;
provided
(ii) the restrictions and deferral limitations applicable to any Restricted Stock shall lapse, and such Restricted Stock outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable; and
 
(iii) all Restricted Stock Units outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall be considered to be earned and payable in full, and any deferral or other restriction shall lapse and such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as promptly as is practicable in (subject to Section 3(d)) the form set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.
For purposes of this Section 10, "Good Reason" means if the Participant is a participant in the CIC Severance Plan or is subject to the Severance Policy, "Good Reason" as defined in the CIC Severance Plan or the Severance Policy, as applicable, or, if the Participant is not a participant in the CIC Severance Plan or the Severance Policy, as applicable, "Good Reason" as defined in any Individual Agreement or Award Agreement to which the applicable Participant is a party.
(b) . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, for purposes of the Plan, a "Change in Control" shall mean any of the following events:
Definition of Change in Control
(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of thirty percent (30%) or more of either (a) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (b) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); , , that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, (B) any acquisition by the Company, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (d) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) of this Section 10(b); or
provided
however
(ii) Individuals who, as of the date of this Plan, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; , , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Plan whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
provided
however
(iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets of another entity (a "Corporate Transaction"), in each case, unless, following such Corporate Transaction, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote
 
generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty percent (30%) or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Corporate Transaction; and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Corporate Transaction; or
(iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
SECTION 11. Qualified Performance-Based Awards; Section 16(b)
(a) The provisions of this Plan are intended to ensure that all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted hereunder to any Participant who is or may be a "covered employee" (within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) in the tax year in which such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is expected to be deductible to the Company qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and all such Awards shall therefore be considered Qualified Performance-Based Awards and this Plan shall be interpreted and operated consistent with that intention (including, without limitation, to require that all such Awards be granted by a committee composed solely of members who satisfy the requirements for being "outside directors" for purposes of the Section 162(m) Exemption ("Outside Directors")). When granting any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee may designate such Award as a Qualified Performance-Based Award, based upon a determination that (i) the recipient is or may be a "covered employee" (within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) with respect to such Award, and (ii) the Committee wishes such Award to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and the terms of any such Award (and of the grant thereof) shall be consistent with such designation (including, without limitation, that all such Awards be granted by a committee composed solely of Outside Directors). Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Period or, if earlier, by the expiration of 25% of a Performance Period, the Committee will designate one or more Performance Periods, determine the Participants for the Performance Periods and establish the Performance Goals for the Performance Periods.
(b) Each Qualified Performance-Based Award (other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right) shall be earned, vested and/or payable (as applicable) only upon the achievement of one or more Performance Goals, together with the satisfaction of any other conditions, such as continued employment, as the Committee may determine to be appropriate.
(c) The full Board shall not be permitted to exercise authority granted to the Committee to the extent that the grant or exercise of such authority would cause an Award designated as a Qualified Performance-Based Award not to qualify for, or to cease to qualify for, the Section 162(m) Exemption.
 
(d) The provisions of this Plan are intended to ensure that no transaction under the Plan is subject to (and not exempt from) the short-swing recovery rules of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act ("Section 16(b)"). Accordingly, the composition of the Committee shall be subject to such limitations as the Board deems appropriate to permit transactions pursuant to this Plan to be exempt (pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) from Section 16(b), and no delegation of authority by the Committee shall be permitted if such delegation would cause any such transaction to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 16(b).
SECTION 12. Term, Amendment and Termination
(a) . The Plan was adopted by the Board effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and approved by NCR Corporation, as sole shareholder of the Company, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. On October 7, 2008, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, as set forth herein, in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code.
Effectiveness
(b) . The Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. Awards outstanding as of such date shall not be affected or impaired by the termination of the Plan.
Termination
(c) . The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration or discontinuation shall be made which would materially impair the rights of the Participant with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participant's consent, except such an amendment made to comply with applicable law, including without limitation Section 409A of the Code, stock exchange rules or accounting rules. In addition, no such amendment shall be made without the approval of the Company's stockholders to the extent such approval is required by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange.
Amendment of Plan
(d) . Subject to Section 5(d), the Committee may unilaterally amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, but no such amendment shall cause a Qualified Performance-Based Award to cease to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption or without the Participant's consent materially impair the rights of any Participant with respect to an Award, except such an amendment made to cause the Plan or Award to comply with applicable law, stock exchange rules or accounting rules.
Amendment of Awards
SECTION 13. Unfunded Status of Plan
It is presently intended that the Plan constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Common Stock or make payments; , , that unless the Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the "unfunded" status of the Plan.
provided
however
SECTION 14. General Provisions
(a) . The Committee may require each person purchasing or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such Shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on
Conditions for Issuance
 
transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or agreements made pursuant thereto, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (i) listing or approval for listing upon notice of issuance, of such Shares on the Applicable Exchange; (ii) any registration or other qualification of such Shares of the Company under any state or federal law or regulation, or the maintaining in effect of any such registration or other qualification which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion upon the advice of counsel, deem necessary or advisable; and (iii) obtaining any other consent, approval, or permit from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion after receiving the advice of counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable.
(b) . Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements for its employees.
Additional Compensation Arrangements
(c) . The Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment, and adoption of the Plan shall not confer upon any employee any right to continued employment, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate the employment of any employee at any time.
No Contract of Employment
(d) . No later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of a Participant for federal, state, local or foreign income or employment or other tax purposes with respect to any Award under the Plan, such Participant shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such amount, up to the Participant's minimum required tax withholding rate (or such other rate that will not trigger a negative accounting impact). Unless otherwise determined by the Company, withholding obligations may be settled with Common Stock, including Common Stock that is part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding requirement. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment otherwise due to such Participant. The Committee may establish such procedures as it deems appropriate, including making irrevocable elections, for the settlement of withholding obligations with Common Stock.
Required Taxes
(e) . Reinvestment of dividends in additional Restricted Stock at the time of any dividend payment, and the payment of Shares with respect to dividends to Participants holding Awards of Restricted Stock Units, shall only be permissible if sufficient Shares are available under Section 3 for such reinvestment or payment (taking into account then outstanding Awards). In the event that sufficient Shares are not available for such reinvestment or payment, such reinvestment or payment shall be made in the form of a grant of Restricted Stock Units equal in number to the Shares that would have been obtained by such payment or reinvestment, the terms of which Restricted Stock Units shall provide for settlement in cash and for dividend equivalent reinvestment in further Restricted Stock Units on the terms contemplated by this Section 14(e).
Limitation on Dividend Reinvestment and Dividend Equivalents
 
(f) . The Committee shall establish such procedures as it deems appropriate for a Participant to designate a beneficiary to whom any amounts payable in the event of such Participant's death are to be paid or by whom any rights of such eligible Individual, after such Participant's death, may be exercised.
Designation of Death Beneficiary
(g) . In the case of a grant of an Award to any employee of a Subsidiary of the Company, the Company may, if the Committee so directs, issue or transfer the Shares, if any, covered by the Award to the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, upon the condition or understanding that the Subsidiary will transfer the Shares to the employee in accordance with the terms of the Award specified by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. All Shares underlying Awards that are forfeited or canceled should revert to the Company.
Subsidiary Employees
(h) . The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Plan are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
Governing Law and Interpretation
(i) . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(i) or by the Committee, Awards under the Plan are not transferable except by will or by laws of descent and distribution.
Non-Transferability
(j) . The Committee may grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are foreign nationals, who are located outside the United States or who are not compensated from a payroll maintained in the United States, or who are otherwise subject to (or could cause the Company to be subject to) legal or regulatory provisions of countries or jurisdictions outside the United States, on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, or subplans as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory provisions.
Foreign Employees and Foreign Law Considerations
(k) . Subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Committee shall be authorized to establish procedures pursuant to which the payment of any Award may be deferred. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and any Award Agreement, the recipient of an Award (including, without limitation, any deferred Award) may, if so determined by the Committee, be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, interest or dividends, or interest or dividend equivalents, with respect to the number of shares covered by the Award, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, and the Committee may provide that such amounts (if any) shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested.
Deferrals
(l) . Awards granted under this Plan shall be designed and administered in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that the Committee determines that any award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement shall incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A of the Code upon a Participant. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement (unless the Award Agreement provides otherwise with specific reference to this Section): (i) an Award shall not be granted, deferred, accelerated, extended, paid
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code
 
out, settled, substituted or modified under this Plan in a manner that would result in the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A of the Code upon a Participant; and (ii) if an Award constitutes "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and if the participant holding the award is a "specified employee" (as defined in Section 409A of the Code, with such classification to be determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company), no distribution or payment of any amount shall be made before a date that is six (6) months following the date of such participant's "separation from service" (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) or, if earlier, the date of the participant's death. Although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not warrant that any award under the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code or any other provision of federal, state, local, or non-United States law. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be liable to any Participant (or any other individual claiming a benefit through the Participant) for any tax, interest, or penalties the Participant might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any award under the Plan.
, the Company has caused this amended and restated Plan to be executed on this 7
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
th
day of October, 2008.
 
 

Exhibit 10.5
, 2008
                
Why are amendments being made?
The U.S. tax rules applicable to nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements were recently changed pursuant to the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. As a result of these changes, Teradata is required to amend certain of its compensation arrangements, including the terms of certain of its outstanding equity award agreements, by the end of this year.
Why am I receiving this Notice?
You are receiving this notice of amendments because our records indicate that you have been granted one or more equity awards (each an "Award") under the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, the NCR Corporation 2006 Stock Incentive Plan or the NCR Management Stock Plan, as amended. Due to changes in the U.S. tax laws, as permitted under the terms of the applicable plan and Award agreements, we are required to make relatively minor amendments to the Awards. These amendments are described on Exhibit A. If we do not make these changes, you could be subject to immediate taxation upon vesting (rather than upon payment) of your Awards, and you could be subject to interest and a 20% penalty tax.
Do I need to take any action?
. If you agree to the amendments, there is no need for you to do anything except read this notice and keep a copy for your files. In other words, your failure to object by providing notice to Teradata will be treated as your consent to the amendments.
Generally, no
If you do not agree to the amendments, you must notify Teradata that you do not consent to the amendments by filing a written objection, no later than , 2008, with . If you do not consent to the amendments (and you are subject to U.S. tax laws), Teradata will be required by law to notify the IRS, on a Form W-2, that certain Awards do not comply with the new tax laws. Teradata also will be required to withhold income tax on vesting (even if the Awards are not paid at that time), and you will be personally responsible for the payment of interest and a 20% penalty tax.
                
                                        
Where can I get additional information?
You may obtain additional information by calling at () or by writing to , . You may also obtain additional information about your Awards from the plan prospectus for the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, which is available online at .
                        
            
                    
                                        
                                
                                
 
Exhibit A
Effective as of December 31, 2008, each outstanding time-based restricted stock unit Award and performance-based restricted stock unit Award is hereby amended as described below.
Time-Based Restricted Stock Units
 
 
 
 
 
 
In these circumstances, the following special rules will apply if required by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"):
 
 
 
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In these circumstances, the following special rules will apply if required by Section 409A of the Code:
 
 
 
Miscellaneous
 
 
 
 
: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that nothing contained herein or in any attachment hereto is intended to be used, or can be used, to avoid penalties imposed under the Internal Revenue Code.
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20081104093904.txt.gz
TIME:20081104093904
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On November 4, 2008, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2008 revenue and earnings per share amounts along with its forecast for 2008 revenue growth and earnings per share. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
November 4, 2008
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $439 million for the third quarter of 2008, the same as reported in the third quarter of 2007. Included in the year-over-year comparison was 1 percentage point of benefit from currency translation.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
(2)
Gross margin in the third quarter was 54.0 percent versus 52.2 percent in the third quarter of 2007. The gross margin improvement was due to a favorable mix of transactions, contribution from maintenance services and the benefit of currency translation. Teradata drove gross margin improvement in both its products and services businesses.
Teradata's 2008 third-quarter net income was $60 million, or $0.33 per share, which compared to $29 million, or $0.16 per share, in the third quarter of 2007. Included in Teradata's 2008 third quarter results was a $3 million impairment charge ($0.01 per share) to write down the value of a historical equity investment and a $3 million increase in the income tax provision ($0.02 per share) related to Teradata's filing of its 2007 federal income tax return in the third quarter of 2008. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.36 in the third quarter 2008.
(1a)
Teradata's results in the third quarter of 2007 included $15 million ($0.07 per share) of costs associated with Teradata's spin-off from NCR Corporation and a $10 million ($0.06 per share) increase in the income tax provision related to the tax rate change in Germany. Excluding these items, Teradata's 2007 third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.29.
(1a)
"We had a good quarter in terms of margins and earnings growth," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "Revenue growth in the third quarter was challenged due to the change in currency exchange rates and the difficult comparison with the strong growth generated in the third quarter of 2007. However, we were encouraged with the growth we saw in our Americas region.
"Teradata is well positioned relative to the market. In today's economic environment, companies are increasingly looking to integrate and centralize data to reduce costs and get a complete view of their customers, products, risk and financials. This is core to what Teradata provides to its customers.
"However, given the changes in currency exchange rates and business conditions, we are lowering our full-year revenue guidance by 4 percentage points and are reducing our earnings per share expectations accordingly.
"We are continuing to invest to further strengthen our longer term market position while simultaneously managing costs. We've increased the number of purpose-built data warehouse platforms we offer and are increasing the number of sales territories to extend our market reach for the years to come."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $253 million of revenue in its Americas region in the third quarter of 2008, up 3 percent from $245 million in the third quarter of 2007. The revenue increase in the Americas region was led by growth in Teradata's maintenance business and higher product revenue.
Gross margin in the Americas region in the third quarter of 2008 was 56.9 percent, up 2.6 points from 54.3 percent in the third quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the Americas improved due to increased contribution from maintenance and product revenue and a favorable deal mix versus the prior year period.
 
 
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the third quarter of 2008 was $106 million, down 9 percent from $116 million generated in a very strong third quarter of 2007 in which revenue increased 32 percent from the third quarter 2006. Services revenue increased, while product revenue declined. Currency translation benefited the year-over-year revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 2 percentage points.
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the third quarter of 2008 was 51.9 percent, a 100 basis point increase from 50.9 percent in the third quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the EMEA region improved primarily due to deal mix in the quarter and currency.
Teradata generated $80 million of revenue in its APJ region in the third quarter of 2008, a 3 percent increase from $78 million reported in the third quarter of 2007. Revenue was up with growth in services more than offsetting declines in product revenue. The year-over-year revenue comparison in the APJ region benefited from 3 percentage points of currency translation.
Gross margin in the APJ region in the third quarter of 2008 was 47.5 percent, a slight increase from the 47.4 percent generated in the third quarter of 2007.
Company Operating Results
Third quarter of 2008 operating income was $86 million, compared to $66 million in the third quarter of 2007. Included in the third quarter of 2008 results was $6 million of recurring incremental costs associated with Teradata operating as an independent publicly-traded company. Included in the third quarter of 2007 operating income was $15 million of costs associated with Teradata's spin off from NCR Corporation. Excluding the spin-off costs from the third quarter of 2007, the $86 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2008 compared favorably to $81 million in the third quarter of 2007.
(1b)
When comparing operating results excluding the 2007 spin-off costs, a favorable deal mix and the benefit of currency translation more than offset lower product revenue, higher sales and marketing expense and the incremental recurring costs associated with Teradata operating as an independent, publicly-traded company.
 
 
Interest income of $3 million in the third quarter of 2008 was more than offset by $4 million of other expense, which included a $3 million impairment charge related to the previously discussed equity investment impairment.
The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2008 results was 29 percent versus 56 percent in the third quarter of 2007. However, the tax rate in the third quarter of 2008 included a $3 million federal income tax accrual adjustment, or approximately 3 percent, related to the filing of the 2007 federal income tax return, while the third quarter of 2007 included a 21 percent tax rate adjustment related to spin-off-related items and Germany's tax rate change in 2007. Teradata continues to expect its full-year effective tax rate for 2008 to be approximately 26 to 27 percent.
During the third quarter of 2008, Teradata generated $94 million of cash from operations, the same as generated in the third quarter of 2007. Capital expenditures of $15 million were lower compared to $23 million in the third quarter of 2007. Teradata generated $79 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software) in the third quarter of 2008, versus $71 million in the same period last year.
(1c)
 
 
 
As of September 30, 2008, Teradata had $378 million in cash and short-term investments, an increase of $11 million from June 30, 2008. Free cash flow generation more than offset the use of cash for share repurchases during the quarter. The company repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares for $65 million in the third quarter. Year-to-date, the company repurchased approximately 5.6 million shares for $137 million.
Teradata had no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of Sept 30, 2008.
Given the changes in currency exchange rates and the slowing of the global economic environment, Teradata now expects 2008 full-year revenue growth in the 1 to 4 percent range, with GAAP earnings per share expected to be $1.27 to $1.37. Excluding the asset impairment charge and tax adjustment item described above, Teradata expects its 2008 earnings per share, on a non-GAAP basis, to be in the $1.30 to $1.40 range.
 
A conference call is scheduled today at 10:00 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's third-quarter results, as well as its full-year guidance for 2008. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on Teradata's Web site.
 
 
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing, consulting services and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
a) The following table reconciles Teradata's earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP in the third quarter of 2008 and 2007, and the company's 2008 guidance, to the company's EPS for the periods presented, excluding certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
(b) Teradata's management also looks at the company's operating results excluding certain items to assess financial performance. The company believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide a more complete understanding of Teradata's underlying operational performance, as well as consistency and comparability with past reports. The following table reconciles Teradata's Operating Income under GAAP in the third quarter of 2008 and 2007 to the company's results during the period excluding certain items.
 
 
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
(shown in millions)
 
(c) Teradata defines free cash flow as cash provided/used by operating activities less capital expenditures for property and equipment, and additions to capitalized software. Free cash flow does not have a uniform definition under GAAP and therefore, Teradata's definition may differ from other companies' definition of this measure. Teradata's management uses free cash flow to assess the financial performance of the company and believes it is useful for investors because it relates the operating cash flow of the company to the capital that is spent to continue and improve business operations. In particular, free cash flow indicates the amount of cash generated after capital expenditures for, among other things, investment in the company's existing businesses, strategic acquisitions, strengthening the company's balance sheet, repurchase of company stock and repayment of the company's debt obligations, if any. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures since there may be other nondiscretionary expenditures that are not deducted from the measure.
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the uncertain economic climate and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the impact of our separation from NCR Corporation and risks relating to our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20081208172658.txt.gz
TIME:20081208172658
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) Effective as of December 2, 2008, options to purchase common stock of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") were granted to the Company's executive officers. These options were granted in connection with the Company's annual long-term incentive equity program approved by the Compensation and Human Resource Committee (the "Committee") of the Teradata Board of Directors (the "Board"). Specifically, at its meeting on December 1, 2008, the Committee granted options to purchase Teradata common stock ("Options") to the Company's executive officers, excluding the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). Subsequently, at a meeting of the Board on December 2, 2008, in consultation with the Committee, the independent members of the Board granted Options to the CEO. The Options were granted pursuant to the terms of the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended.
 
On and effective December 2, 2008, the Board approved the Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (the "Amended By-Laws"). Among the changes to the By-Laws, the Board:
 
 
 
 
 
 
This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Amended By-Laws, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
 
On and effective December 2, 2008, the Board also approved the Amended and Restated Teradata Corporation Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines (the "Amended Guidelines"). Among the changes, the Board amended the Guidelines to set forth a process by which a stockholder may recommend a candidate for nomination by the Board, to set forth the Board's policy with respect to obtaining and considering offers of resignation from directors who are not re-elected to the Board in uncontested director elections by the majority stockholder vote required by the Company's By-Laws and to enact certain other changes to the provisions that appear in Items 3, 7-12, 14, 18-19, 21, 23, 25-26, 28-29, 32, 34-36 and 39 and Exhibit A of the Amended Guidelines. The foregoing summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Amended Guidelines, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The Amended Guidelines are also available at http://www.teradata.com/t/page/172901/index.html.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Date: December 8, 2008
 

Exhibit 3.2
Section 1. . The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.
Registered Office
Section 2. . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
Other Offices
Section 1. . Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Place of Meetings
Section 2. . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting of stockholders.
Annual Meetings
Section 3. . Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the ""), special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either the (i) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
Special Meetings
Certificate of Incorporation
Section 4. . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present in person and vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of any meeting shall be given either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission (if permitted under the circumstances by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL")) not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address at it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by means of electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the DGCL.
Notice
Section 5. . Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting in accordance with the requirements of Section 4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting.
Adjournments
Section 6. . Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporation's capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, either the chairman of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum.
Quorum
Section 7. . Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders, other than the election of directors, shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question, voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as provided in Section 8 of this
Voting
 
Article II. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officer's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.
Section 8. . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such manner prescribed by the DGCL) by the stockholder, or by his or her duly authorized attorney in fact.
Proxies
Section 9. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and, as specified by the Certificate of Incorporation, the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied.
No Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting
Section 10. . The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.
List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote
Section 11. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of the stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of the stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; , , that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Record Date
provided
however
Section 12. . The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by Section 10 of this Article II or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.
Stock Ledger
 
Section 13. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall act as chairman of meetings of the stockholders. The Board of Directors may designate any other officer or director of the Corporation to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors may further provide for determining who shall act as chairman of any stockholders meeting in the absence of the Chairman and such designee. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, date and time.
Organization and Conduct of Meetings
Section 14. . In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector's ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.
Inspectors of Election
Section 15. . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (a) specified in the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 15 and on the record date for the determination of
Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders
 
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting, (ii) who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (iii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 15. In addition to the other requirements set forth herein, a stockholder may not transact any business at an annual meeting unless (A) such stockholder, and any beneficial owner on whose behalf such business is proposed, acted in a manner consistent with the representation made in the Business Solicitation Representation, as defined herein and (B) such business is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business (other than business included in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act")) at an annual meeting of stockholders.
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever mailing or public disclosure occurs first. In no event shall an adjournment of an annual meeting, or a postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public disclosure thereof, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. For purposes of this Section 15 and Section 16, (x) the term "public disclosure" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the and (y) the Corporation's annual meeting in 2007 shall be deemed to have occurred on April 26, 2007.
provided
however
Exchange Act
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each matter such stockholder and such beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf such proposal is made (each, a "party") proposes to bring before the annual meeting a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and address of each such party, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or
 
otherwise (a "Derivative Instrument") directly or indirectly owned beneficially by each such party, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, (D) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 15 a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which either party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that each such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such party's immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (iii) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of each such party in such business, (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting and (vi) a representation (a "Business Solicitation Representation") whether or not either party will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to the holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to adopt such proposed business.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 15. If the chairman of an annual meeting determines that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.
Section 16. . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (a) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 16 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, (b) who is entitled to vote at such meeting and
Nomination of Directors
 
(c) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 16. In addition to the other requirements set forth herein, a stockholder may not present a nominee for election at an annual or special meeting unless such stockholder, and any beneficial owner on whose behalf such nomination is made, acted in a manner consistent with the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Representation, as defined herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations for director election at a meeting of stockholders (except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances).
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever mailing or public disclosure occurs first; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall an adjournment of an annual or special meeting, or a postponement of such a meeting for which notice has been given, or the public disclosure thereof, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
provided
however
Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public disclosure naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation on or before the tenth day before a stockholder's notice of nomination must be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the preceding paragraph, a stockholder's notice required by this Section shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day after the day on which such public disclosure is first made by the Corporation.
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (a) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (b) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (c) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock (if any) of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record
 
by the person and (d) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf such nomination is made (each, a "party") (a) the name and address of each such party, (b)(1) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party, (2) any Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by each such party, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (3) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, (4) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 16, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which either party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that each such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such party's immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (b) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made, (d) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice, (e) a representation (a "Nominee Solicitation Representation") whether either party will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such party to elect its nominee or nominees and (f) any other information relating to each such party that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 16. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the Chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 15 and this Section 16, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in such sections. Nothing in such sections shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances.
Section 1. . The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, other than in a Contested Election of Directors (as defined below), directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. In a Contested Election of Directors, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors. The term "Contested Election of Directors" shall mean an annual or special meeting of the Corporation with respect to which (i) the Secretary of the Corporation receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated or intends to nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Article II, Section 16 of these By-Laws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day before the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. Stockholders shall be entitled to cast votes "against" nominees for director unless plurality voting applies in the election of directors.
Number and Election of Directors
A director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and thereafter until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
 
Section 2. . Subject to the terms of any one or more classes or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor.
Vacancies
provided
Section 3. . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.
Duties and Powers
Section 4. . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, if there be one, or the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the entire Board of Directors, and shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as they or he or she shall specify. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director either by mail posted not less than five (5) days before the date of the meeting, by telephone, email, facsimile or telegram or other means of electronic communication delivered or sent not less than twelve (12) hours before the date and time of the meeting, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the circumstances. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting, irrespective of whether such business is set forth in such notice.
Meetings
Section 5. . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 6. . Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or upon the conditions therein specified or, if no time or conditions are specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Resignations and Removals of Directors
 
Section 7. . Except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.
Quorum
Section 8. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Actions of the Board by Written Consent
Section 9. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone
Section 10. . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required.
Committees
A majority of any committee may determine its action and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. Notice of such meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 4 of this Article. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent
 
the Board of Directors from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation; , , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board of Directors.
provided
however
Section 11. . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for service as committee members. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.
Compensation
Section 12. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such director's or officer's vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.
Interested Directors
Section 1. . The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director), a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.
General
 
Section 2. . The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders, as necessary, shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officer's successor is elected and qualified, or until such officer's earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
Election
Section 3. . Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation
Section 4. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 5. . The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall assume all of the duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors assigned by these By-Laws in the event of the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 6. . The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these By-Laws, the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chief Executive Officer
 
Section 7. . At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon such office. The President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a President of a corporation.
President
Section 8. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Vice Presidents
Section 9. . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officer's signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.
Secretary
Section 10. . The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.
Treasurer
Section 11. . Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretary's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.
Assistant Secretaries
 
Section 12. . Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurer's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer.
Assistant Treasurers
Section 13. . Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.
Other Officers
Section 1. . Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, each class or series of the shares of capital stock in the Corporation shall be issued in uncertificated form pursuant to the customary arrangements for issuing shares in such form. Shares shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by attorney upon presentment of proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer in accordance with the customary procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form.
Uncertificated Shares
Section 2. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
Dividend Record Date
Section 3. . The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.
Record Owners
 
Section 4. . The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Transfer and Registry Agents
Section 1. . Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors, such notice may be given either personally, by mail, facsimile, telegraph or other means of electronic communication or by other lawful means. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL.
Notices
Section 2. . Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee of the Board of Directors or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or a committee of the Board of Directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
Waivers of Notice
Section 1. . Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 8 of Article III hereof), and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.
Dividends
 
Section 2. . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.
Disbursements
Section 3. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31
Fiscal Year
st
day of December in each year, or on such other day as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Section 4. . The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
Corporate Seal
Section 1. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful.
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section 2. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation
 
action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court") or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court or such other court shall deem proper.
Section 3. . To obtain indemnification under this By-Law, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.
Authorization of Indemnification
Section 4. . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any present or former director or officer may apply to the Delaware Court for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII if a claim for indemnification is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation. The basis of such indemnification by the Delaware Court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. In any such action, the
Indemnification by a Court
 
Corporation shall bear the burden of proving that the present or former director or officer is not entitled to indemnification. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 4 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful, in whole or in part, the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.
Section 5. . Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a present or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by other employees or agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. If a claim for advancement of expenses pursuant hereto is not paid in full within 60 days of a request therefor, a present or former director or officer may bring an action in the Delaware Court to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such action, such person shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of prosecuting such action. The Corporation shall bear the burden of proving that such person is not entitled to an advancement of his or her expenses.
Expenses Payable in Advance
The Corporation may bring an action in the Delaware Court to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, but the Corporation shall bear the burden of establishing that it is entitled to recover such expenses because the present or former director or officer who received such advancement of expenses has not met the applicable standard of conduct for indemnification set forth in Section 1 or 2 (as applicable) of this Article VIII. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a presumption that the present or former director or officer against whom the action is brought has not met any applicable standard of conduct. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if such present or former director or officer is successful in whole or in part in defending any such action, such person shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of defending such suit.
Section 6. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise.
Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
 
Section 7. . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.
Insurance
Section 8. . For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. The term "another enterprise" as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VIII.
Certain Definitions
Section 9. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. No repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such repeal or modification.
Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
Section 10. . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 4 of this Article VIII) or advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
Limitation on Indemnification
 
Section 1. . The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of these By-Laws inconsistent with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and Article IX of these By-Laws.
Amendments
Section 2. . As used in this Article IX and in these By-Laws generally, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
Entire Board of Directors
* * *
Adopted as of: December 2, 2008
 

Exhibit 99.1
Teradata's Board of Directors is elected by the stockholders to govern the affairs of the Company. The Board selects the senior management team, which is charged with the conduct of the Company's business. Having selected the senior management team, the Board acts as an advisor to senior management and monitors its performance. It reviews the Company's strategies, financial objectives and operating plans. The Board also plans for management succession of the Chief Executive Officer, as well as other senior management positions.
To help discharge its responsibilities, the Teradata Board of Directors has adopted the following guidelines on significant corporate governance issues.
1. Size of the Board
The Board periodically reviews the size of the Board and determines whether any changes are appropriate, although it is the sense of the Board that a board of five to ten members is about right. However, the Board would be willing to increase the size of the Board in order to accommodate the availability of an outstanding candidate.
2. Membership Qualifications and Board Balance
The Board, with input from the Committee on Directors and Governance, is responsible for periodically determining the appropriate skills, perspectives, experiences, and characteristics required of Board candidates, taking into account the Company's needs and current make-up of the Board. This assessment should include knowledge, experience, and skills in areas critical to understanding the Company and its business; personal characteristics, such as integrity and judgment; and candidates' commitments to the boards of other publicly-held companies. Each Board member is expected to ensure that other existing and planned future commitments do not materially interfere with the member's service as a Director and that he or she devotes the time necessary to discharge his or her duties as a Director.
The Committee on Directors and Governance is responsible for periodically reviewing and modifying, as appropriate, these qualification guidelines. The Board believes the qualification guidelines included as Exhibit A are currently appropriate, but it may change these guidelines as the Company's and Board's needs warrant.
3. Director Selection
The Board nominates candidates for election by the stockholders and is responsible for filling vacancies on the Board. The Committee on Directors and Governance will recommend to the Board nominees for election, based on the need for new Board members identified by the Committee, the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or other Board members, as well as incumbent Directors for re-election, as appropriate. In selecting individuals for nomination, the Committee will seek the input of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer and will consider individuals
 
recommended for Board membership by the Company's stockholders in accordance with the Company's Bylaws and applicable law. The Committee will evaluate all candidates using the qualification guidelines included as Exhibit A, as they may be supplemented by the Committee on Directors and Governance. The Committee will determine if any Board members have relationships with preferred candidates who can help initiate contact with such candidates. The Committee may also use a third-party search firm to assist in identifying and contacting preferred candidates. Prospective candidates will be interviewed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and at least one member of the Committee on Directors and Governance. During the selection process, the full Board will be informally kept informed of progress. The Committee on Directors and Governance will meet to consider and approve final candidate(s) and seek Board endorsement of the selected candidate. Once a candidate is selected to join the Board, the Chairman of the Board and/or the Chair of the Committee on Directors and Governance will extend the invitation to join the Board on the Board's behalf.
The Committee on Directors and Governance will consider candidates recommended by stockholders for nomination by the Board. Stockholders wanting to suggest Director candidates should submit their suggestions in writing to the Corporate Secretary of the Company, providing the candidate's name, age, residential and business contact information, detailed biographical data and qualifications for service as a Board member, the class or series and number of shares of capital stock (if any) of the Company which are owned beneficially or of record by the candidate, a document signed by the candidate indicating the candidate's willingness to serve, if elected, and evidence of the stockholder's ownership of Company stock. If a stockholder submits a candidate for nomination by the Board, the candidate will be considered using the same criteria that the Board uses to evaluate other candidates for Board nomination. The foregoing procedures apply only to stockholders who wish to submit candidates for consideration as Board nominees for Director. A stockholder wanting to nominate a candidate for Director election must do so by following the procedures described in Article II, Section 16 of the Company's Bylaws.
4. Majority of Independent Directors
As a matter of policy, the Board believes that a substantial majority of the Directors should be independent. The Board adopts the definition of independence described in Exhibit B to these Guidelines. The Board may amend this definition in the future; if it does, it will disclose the revised definition. On an annual basis, with input and a recommendation from the Committee on Directors and Governance, the Board will determine whether each outside Director meets the definition of independence and will disclose its determination. Currently, the Board believes there is no relationship between any outside Director and the Company that would be construed in any way to compromise any outside Director being considered independent.
5. Term Limits
The Board does not believe it should establish term limits. While term limits could help ensure fresh ideas, they also would force the Board to lose the contributions of Directors who have developed an insight into the Company. This insight and continuity of Directors is an advantage, not a disadvantage. As an alternative to term limits, the Committee on Directors and Governance will review a Director's continuation on the Board whenever the Director experiences a change in professional responsibilities, as a way to assure that the Director's skills and experience continue to match the needs of the Board. In addition, in connection with nomination of the slate of Directors that the Board proposes for election by
stockholders each year, the Committee on Directors and Governance will consider re-nominated Directors' continuation on the Board and take steps as may be appropriate to ensure that the Board maintains an openness to new ideas. An individual Director's re-nomination is dependent upon a performance assessment and suitability review conducted by the Committee on Directors and Governance. The performance assessment will take into account the Director's participation in and contribution to the activities of the Board.
6. Retirement Age
The Board believes that Directors should retire from the Board at the first annual meeting following their 72nd birthday.
7. Significant Job Changes
It is the view of the Board that each Director who retires from his or her present employment, or who materially changes his or her position or business or professional responsibilities, should bring this change to the attention of the Committee on Directors and Governance and should offer to resign from the Board. The Board does not believe that each Director who retires or has a change in position or responsibilities should necessarily leave the Board. The Committee on Directors and Governance will, however, review the continued appropriateness of Board membership under these circumstances and make a recommendation to the Board.
This same guideline applies to any inside Directors, including the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in the event he or she no longer serves in that position. A former Chief Executive Officer serving on the Board will be considered an inside Director.
8. Voting for Directors
Unless there is a Contested Election of Directors (as defined in the Company's Bylaws), Directors are elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stockholders present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting of stockholders. If an incumbent Director is not re-elected by the required majority vote, such Director shall promptly offer his or her resignation after such election. The Board, giving due consideration to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, shall evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances, including whether the underlying cause(s) of the Director's failure to receive the required majority vote can be cured, and shall make a decision, within 90 days after the election, on whether to accept the offered resignation. Any Director who offers a resignation pursuant to this provision shall not participate in the Board's decision. The Board will promptly disclose publicly its decision and, if applicable, the reasons for rejecting the offered resignation. If the Board accepts a Director's resignation pursuant to this process, the Committee on Directors and Governance will recommend to the Board whether to fill the resulting vacancy or reduce the size of the Board.
9. Other Directorships
Directors should advise the Chairman of the Committee on Directors and Governance in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another public company board. There should be an opportunity for the Board, through the Committee on Directors and Governance, to review the Director's availability to fulfill his or her
responsibilities as a Director if he or she serves on more than three other public company boards. Service on board of other organizations shall comply with the Company's conflict of interest policies.
10. Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest
Directors are committed to acting at all times in accordance with the requirements of the Company's Code of Conduct, which shall be applicable to each Director in connection with his or her activities relating to the Company. This obligation shall at all times include, without limitation, adherence to the Company's policies with respect to conflicts of interest, confidentiality, protection of the Company's assets, ethical conduct in business dealings and respect for and compliance with applicable law. Any waiver of the requirements of the Code of Conduct with respect to any individual Director shall be reported to, and be subject to the approval of, the Board, and shall be publicly disclosed to the extent required under applicable law.
The Board determines on a case-by-case basis whether a conflict of interest exists. Each Director will advise the Board of any situation that could potentially be a conflict of interest, and the Board expects such Director to abstain from participating in the Board's deliberations on an issue in which he or she has a material conflict of interest.
11. Selection of Chairman of the Board
The Board may select, as it deems best for the Company, the Chairman of the Board. The Board therefore does not have a guideline on whether the role of the Chairman of the Board should be held by a non-employee Director. In the event the Chairman of the Board is not independent, the Board may designate a lead Director who is an independent, non-employee Director.
12. Business Judgment; Indemnification
The basic responsibility of the Directors is to exercise their business judgment in good faith to act in what they believe to be the best interests of the Company. In discharging that obligation, Directors should be entitled to rely on the honesty and integrity of their fellow Directors and of the Company's senior executives, outside advisors and outside auditors. The Directors are also entitled to have the Company purchase reasonable Directors' and officers' liability insurance on their behalf, to the benefits of indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by law and the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
13. Authorization Guidelines
Consistent with the Board's power to delegate to management the day-to-day operations of the Company's business, the Board believes that the allocation of responsibilities and authority currently in place is appropriate, although the Board may alter the authorizations in the future.
14. Assessing the Board's Performance
The Board believes that annual evaluations of the overall performance of the Board should be conducted. This is best accomplished, in the Board's view, by the entire Board under the leadership of the Chair of the Committee on Directors and Governance. The Committee on Directors and Governance, with input from the other Directors, is responsible for determining the performance criteria and process to be used for the evaluation and for conducting the evaluation. The purpose of these evaluations is to enhance the effectiveness of the Board as a whole. Additionally, each Committee of the Board will conduct an annual evaluation of its performance and report the results of the evaluation to the Board.
The performance of individual Directors will be assessed by the Committee on Directors and Governance when a Director is being considered for re-nomination and when a Director offers to resign due to a change in professional responsibilities. The Committee on Directors will choose the method and criteria for these assessments. If, at any time, the Board determines that an individual Director is not meeting the established performance standards and qualification guidelines, or his or her actions reflect poorly upon the Board and the Company, the Board may request the resignation of the non-performing Director.
15. Oversight of Management Evaluation
The Compensation and Human Resource Committee will have oversight of the performance evaluations of the Company's executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer.
16. Evaluating the CEO's Performance
The Board will review the performance of the Chief Executive Officer at least annually. This evaluation will be conducted by the Compensation and Human Resource Committee, under the leadership of the Committee Chair. The evaluation criteria and the results of the evaluation will be discussed by the Committee with the entire Board in an executive session without the presence of any inside Directors. The Board will consider whether the Chief Executive Officer is providing the best leadership for the Company in the long- and short-term. The results of the review and evaluation will be communicated to the Chief Executive Officer by the Chair of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee. The Board, in its discretion, may conduct this evaluation in conjunction with the Compensation and Human Resource Committee's annual review and setting of the Chief Executive Officer's compensation. The Compensation and Human Resource Committee will use the evaluation results in establishing compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, with a portion of his or her compensation to be tied to performance.
17. Succession Planning and Leadership Development
Each year, the Chief Executive Officer will report to the Compensation and Human Resource Committee on succession planning and his or her recommendation as to a potential successor, along with a review of any development plans recommended for such individuals. The Committee will make an annual report to the Board on succession planning, and the Board will work with the Committee to nominate and evaluate potential successors to the Chief Executive Officer. When the Compensation and Human Resource Committee and the Board review management succession plans for the Chief Executive Officer, they will consider succession in the event of an emergency or retirement of the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee, with input from the Chief Executive Officer and other members of management as appropriate, will review annually the Company's program for management development and succession planning for executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer. The Board will also review succession candidates for executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer and other senior managers as it deems appropriate.
18. Strategic and Operating Plans
At least once a year, the Board will review the Company's strategy and operating plans and provide input to management. The review of the Company's strategic plan ordinarily will occur at the Board's October meeting, and the review of the Company's financial and capital plans ordinarily will take place at the December and/or February meetings. The Board will monitor the Company's performance with respect to these plans.
19. Board Interaction with Investors, Press and Customers
The Board believes that management generally should speak for the Company. Individual Directors may, from time to time, meet or otherwise communicate with various constituencies that are involved with the Company, but it is expected that Directors would do this with the knowledge of the management and, absent unusual circumstances or as contemplated by Committee charters, only at the request of management.
Stockholders wishing to communicate directly with the Board, any individual Director or the independent Directors as a group regarding the Company's business operations, conduct or other matters relating to the Company are welcome to do so by writing the Corporate Secretary of Teradata Corporation at 2835 Miami Village Dr., Miamisburg, Ohio 45342, who will forward any communications as directed.
20. Compensation Philosophy
The Board believes that only cash and equity compensation should be provided to non-employee Directors and that at least fifty percent of a Director's total compensation should be provided in equity, , stock options, stock grants or other awards of stock or stock units. Further, the Board believes that the different components of Director compensation should be disclosed in the Company's annual proxy statement. The Committee on Directors and Governance will periodically review the principles for director compensation.
e.g.
21. Setting of Compensation
The Committee on Directors and Governance will periodically review market data for Director compensation to ensure that the compensation is reasonable and competitive in relation to other similar companies. The Committee should recommend to the full Board whether any changes in the compensation package are desirable, with the full Board to discuss and approve any recommendations. The Committee will take into consideration that Directors' independence may be jeopardized if director compensation and perquisites, if any, exceed customary levels, if the Company makes substantial charitable contributions to organizations with which the Director is affiliated, or if the Company enters into consulting contracts with (or provides other indirect compensation to) a Director or an organization with which the Director is affiliated.
22. Stock Ownership
Each Director should hold stock valued at no less than two times the amount of the annual retainer paid to such Director within three years after he or she is first elected to the Teradata Board. Stock or stock units beneficially owned by the Director, for which beneficial ownership is not disclaimed, including stock or stock units held in a deferral account, should be taken into account. However, for this purpose, the Board does not believe it appropriate to consider stock options granted to Directors by the Company.
23. New Director Orientation
The Company will have an orientation process for new Directors that includes background material and meetings with senior management to familiarize the Directors with the Company's strategic and operating plans, key issues, corporate governance, Code of Conduct, and the senior management team. All other Directors are invited to attend any orientation program. In addition, new members to a Committee will be provided information relevant to the Committee and its roles and responsibilities.
24. Continuing Director Education
The Board believes it is appropriate for Directors, at their discretion, to have access to educational programs related to their duties as Directors on an ongoing basis to enable them to better perform their duties and to recognize and deal appropriately with issues that arise. The Company will provide appropriate funding for these programs. In addition, Directors will receive periodic reviews of the Company's business and visit Company facilities as part of their ongoing review of the Company and its operations.
25. Preparation and Attendance
Directors are expected to attend Board meetings and meetings of Committees on which they serve, and to spend the time needed as necessary to prepare for such meetings and to properly discharge their responsibilities. All Board members are expected to attend the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
26. Frequency and Length of Meetings
The Board will determine the frequency of meetings, taking into consideration the recommendations of management and Board members. The Board believes that four to six regular meetings a year are appropriate, however, the Board and each Committee will meet as frequently as needed for the Directors to properly discharge their responsibilities. The Chairman of the Board will determine the place, time, and length of meetings and may, depending upon the circumstances, call additional Board meetings.
27. Meeting Agenda
The Chairman of the Board, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer (if not also the Chairman) will annually prepare a master agenda. The master agenda will set forth a general agenda of items to be considered by the Board at each of its specified meetings during the year (to the extent this can be foreseen) and will be provided to the entire Board. Thereafter, the Chairman of the Board will establish the agenda for each Board meeting, with each Director being free to suggest items for inclusion on the agenda as well as raise at any Board meeting subjects that are not specifically on the agenda for that meeting.
28. Meeting Materials
Meeting materials, including presentations on specific subjects, will be sent to the Directors in advance, except where the subject matter is too sensitive to be put on paper or the underlying information to be included in the materials is not otherwise available in advance of the meeting. The meeting materials should be as brief as possible while still providing the necessary information. Where feasible, the materials will be mailed one week in advance, so as to give the Directors a weekend over which to review the materials.
29. Attendance of Non-Directors at Meetings
Non-Directors will attend each meeting at the invitation of the Chairman of the Board. It is anticipated that the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Company will attend each meeting, except for that portion of the meeting held in executive session. The Board encourages the Chief Executive Officer to bring managers into Board meetings who can provide additional insight into items being discussed or who have future potential that the Chief Executive Officer believes should be given exposure to the Board.
30. Board Access to Senior Management and Information
Directors have full and free access to the Company's management and external advisors, and the Board meets regularly with senior management. Any meetings or
contacts that a Director wishes to initiate may be arranged through the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary or directly by the Director. The Directors will use their judgment to ensure that any such contact is not disruptive to the Company's business operations and will, to the extent not inappropriate, copy the Chief Executive Officer on any written communications between a Director and an officer or employee of the Company.
31. Board Access to Independent Advisors
The Board and each Committee has the power to hire, at its discretion, and at the expense of the Company, independent legal, financial or other advisors as they may deem necessary to support it in fulfilling its responsibilities, without consulting with or obtaining the approval of any officer of the Company in advance.
32. Executive Sessions
The Board will conduct an executive session of only independent Directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting, with one meeting dedicated to the evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer. Independent Directors may hold additional executive sessions from time to time, with or without the Chief Executive Officer present, as desired. The format of these meetings will include a discussion afterwards by the presiding Director of the executive session with the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Chairman will preside at the executive sessions of independent Directors. The Board will communicate to stockholders, via the proxy statement, as to whom the presiding Director will be for the year. In the event the Chairman of the Board is not an independent Director, the lead Director, if any, will preside at executive sessions of independent Directors.
33. Number of Committees
Currently there are four Committees: Executive, Audit, Compensation and Human Resource, and Committee on Directors and Governance. The Board believes the current committee structure is appropriate. From time to time, depending upon the circumstances, the Board may form a new Committee or disband a current Committee.
34. Assignment of Committee Members
The Board appoints members of the Committees on an annual basis. The Committee on Directors and Governance, with consideration of the desires of individual Directors and input from the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, will recommend to the Board the assignment of Directors to various Committees. Vacancies in the Committees will be filled by the Board, upon the recommendation of the Committee on Directors and Governance, with input from the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. In making assignments to the Committees, only independent Directors may serve on the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee, or the Committee on Directors and Governance, all members of the Audit Committee must be "financially literate" and at least one member of the Audit Committee must have "accounting or related financial management expertise," as defined by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules or as required under applicable New York Stock Exchange listing requirements. Additionally, a member of the Audit Committee may not sit on more than two other Audit Committees of other public companies, unless the Board determines that such commitments would not impair his or her effective service to the Company.
The Committee on Directors and Governance and the Board will take into account tenure on a Committee and give consideration to rotating committee members periodically, but the Board does not feel that rotation should be mandated as a policy.
35. Committee Charters and Authority
Each Committee has approved a written charter, which has also been approved by the Board. The charter may delegate, as appropriate, certain responsibilities to the Committee. Unless delegated to the Committee either in the charter, the Bylaws or a resolution of the Board, each Committee shall make recommendations to the Board and the Board will consider and approve the recommendations. The Committee charters will be reviewed periodically and may be changed from time to time by approval of the Committee and the Board.
36. Committee Agendas
The Chair of each standing Committee, in consultation with appropriate members of management, will develop each Committee's planning agenda for the year with a schedule of agenda items for the year, to the degree they can be foreseen. Specific agenda items for each Committee meeting will be approved by the Chair of the Committee in consultation with appropriate members of management.
37. Frequency and Length of Committee Meetings
The Committee Chair, in consultation with appropriate members of management, will determine the frequency and length of Committee meetings.
38. Executive Sessions
Each Committee will meet in executive sessions as circumstances warrant. At the Committee's discretion, outside advisors or members of management may meet with the Committee during these executive sessions.
39. Amendment and Interpretation
These Guidelines are in addition to and are not intended to change or interpret any federal or state law or regulation, including the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any Committee charter reviewed and approved by the Board. The Guidelines are subject to modification from time to time by the Board. In addition, the Board recognizes that situations may arise where the Board may need to take actions that vary from these Guidelines to further the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Nothing in these Guidelines should be interpreted to prohibit the Board from taking such actions.
The Teradata Board of Directors, or any of its Committees, in considering qualifications of Directors standing for re-election and candidates for Board membership will consider the following factors, in addition to those other factors it may deem relevant:
1. Strong management experience, ideally with major public companies with successful multinational operations.
2. Other areas of expertise or experience that are desirable given the Company's business and the current make-up of the Board, such as expertise or experience in: information technology businesses; the software industry; international, financial or investment banking, scientific research and development, or senior level government experience; and academic leadership.
3. Desirability of range in age, so that retirements are staggered to permit replacement of Directors of desired skills and experience in a way that will permit appropriate continuity of Board members.
4. Independence, as defined by the Board.
5. Diversity of perspectives brought to the Board by individual members.
6. Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance, business judgment, general management practices, crisis response and management, industry knowledge, international markets, leadership, and strategic planning.
7. Personal characteristics matching the Company's values, such as integrity, accountability, financial literacy, and high performance standards.
8. Additional characteristics, such as:
a) willingness to commit the time required to fully discharge their responsibilities to the Teradata Board, including the time to prepare for Board and Committee meetings by reviewing the material supplied before each meeting;
b) commitment to attend a minimum of 75% of meetings;
c) ability and willingness to represent the stockholders' long- and short-term interests;
d) awareness of the Company's responsibilities to its customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory bodies, and the communities in which it operates; and
e) willingness to advance their opinions, but once a decision is made by a majority of the Board, willingness to support the majority decision assuming questions of ethics or propriety are not involved.
9. The number of commitments to other entities, with one of the more important factors being the number of other public-company boards on which the individual serves.
On an annual basis, the Teradata Board of Directors shall determine whether a Director will be considered an independent Director who has no material relationship with the Company (either directly or indirectly), taking into account the following factors, in addition to those other factors it may deem relevant:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) an officer of the Company,
(ii) an individual who receives more than $100,000 per year in direct compensation from the Company, other than compensation for prior service that is not contingent on continued service,
(iii) an individual affiliated with or an employee of the Company's present or former independent auditors or its affiliates,
(iv) an individual who is an executive officer of another corporation that has (or had) an executive officer of the Company on it board of directors,
(v) an executive officer of a company that has made payment to, or received payments from, the Company in a fiscal year that exceeded the greater of $1 million or 2% of the other company's consolidated gross revenues; or
(vi) any Director who is not considered an independent Director


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090209172934.txt.gz
TIME:20090209172934
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At its February 3, 2009 meeting, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") amended and restated the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to make certain minor changes, including clarifying that the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board has the ability to adjust performance goals for qualified performance-based awards granted under the Plan, provided that an adjustment is not permitted to the extent that it would result in the disallowance of a deduction to the Company under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), that would otherwise have been available for such award. A copy of the Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The Plan will be submitted together with the Teradata Corporation Management Incentive Plan to stockholders for approval pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code at the Company's 2009 annual meeting of stockholders, scheduled to be held on April 28, 2009.
In connection with the spin off of Teradata from NCR Corporation in late 2007, each of the Company's executive officers received an offer letter to join Teradata. Each letter agreement sets forth, among other things, the following terms relating to the officer's employment as of the spin off: (a) annual base salary and annual incentive award opportunity; (b) the terms of the equity grant awarded to the officer in connection with the spin off; (c) a statement of eligibility for participation in the Company's change in control severance plan; and (d) a statement of the vacation and health and welfare benefits available to each officer. In addition, by accepting the terms of the letter, each officer agreed to the following covenants during and for twelve months following his termination of employment, unless such covenants are waived by the Board: (x) not to render services directly or indirectly to a competing organization, (y) not to directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his employment with or otherwise cease his relationship with Teradata; and (z) not to solicit the business of any firm or company, including customers, with which the officer worked during the last two (2) years of employment.
In connection with its plan to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the Company recently amended the employment letters of several of its officers. These amendments generally are technical in nature and affect the timing, but not the amount, of compensation that could be received by the officers and, in particular, clarify the timing of the reimbursement of legal fees, if any, required under the terms of the offer letters.
A copy of the original offer letters as well as the amendments to the offer letters for Messrs. Robert Fair, Daniel Harrington, and Bruce Langos, each an executive officer of the Company, are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2 through 10.7 and incorporated herein by reference.
The foregoing descriptions of the Plan and the executive offer letters, as amended, are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text thereof.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
SECTION 1. Purpose; Definitions
The purpose of this Plan is to give the Company a competitive advantage in attracting, retaining and motivating officers, employees, directors and/or consultants and to provide the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates with a long-term incentive plan that (a) grants new Awards to provide incentives directly linked to stockholder value and (b) provides a means to assume and govern other awards pursuant to the adjustment of awards granted under any NCR Long Term Incentive Plan (as defined in the Employee Benefits Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement ("Adjusted Awards"). Certain terms used herein have definitions given to them in the first place in which they are used. In addition, for purposes of this Plan, the following terms are defined as set forth below:
(a) "" means a corporation or other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with, the Company.
Affiliate
(b) "" means the New York Stock Exchange or such other securities exchange as may at the applicable time be the principal market for the Common Stock.
Applicable Exchange
(c) "" means an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Units or Other Stock-Based Award granted pursuant to the terms of this Plan.
Award
(d) "" means a written document or agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of a specific Award.
Award Agreement
(e) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(f) "" means, unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, (i) "Cause" as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the applicable Participant is a party, or (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or if it does not define Cause: (A) conviction of the Participant for committing a felony under federal law or the law of the state in which such action occurred, (B) dishonesty in the course of fulfilling the Participant's employment duties, (C) failure on the part of the Participant to perform substantially such Participant's employment duties in any material respect, (D) a material violation of the Company's ethics and compliance program, or (E) before a Change in Control, such other events as shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant's Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the general rule of Section 2(c), following a Change in Control, any determination by the Committee as to whether "Cause" exists shall be subject to de novo review.
Cause
(g) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).
Change in Control
(h) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.
Code
(i) "" means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor agency.
Commission
(j) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).
Committee
(k) "" means common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company.
Common Stock
(l) "" means Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Company
(m) "" means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement (i) "Disability" as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the Participant is a party, (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or it does not define "Disability," (A) permanent and total disability as determined under the Company's long-term disability plan applicable to the Participant, or (B) if there is no such plan applicable to the Participant, "Disability" as determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding the above, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, Disability shall mean Permanent and Total Disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code and, with respect to all Awards, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, "disability" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Disability
(n) "" means a Subsidiary's or Affiliate's ceasing to be a Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason (including, without limitation, as a result of a public offering, or a spinoff or sale by the Company, of the stock of the Subsidiary or Affiliate) or a sale of a division of the Company and its Affiliates.
Disaffiliation
(o) "" means directors, officers, employees, contractors and consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and prospective employees, contractors and consultants who have accepted offers of employment, contract services or consultancy from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.
Eligible Individuals
(p) "" means the Employee Benefits Agreement by and between NCR Corporation and the Company dated as of September 21, 2007.
Employee Benefits Agreement
(q) "" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.
Exchange Act
(r) "" means, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the Applicable Exchange on the date of measurement, or if Shares were not traded on the Applicable Exchange on such measurement date, then on the next preceding date on which Shares were traded, all as reported by such source as the Committee may select. If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in its good faith discretion.
Fair Market Value
(s) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Free-Standing SAR
(t) "" means any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or dividend equivalent right.
Full Value Award
(u) "" means (i) the date on which the Committee by resolution selects an Eligible Individual to receive a grant of an Award and determines the number of Shares to be subject to such Award, or (ii) such later date as the Committee shall provide in such resolution.
Grant Date
(v) "" means any Option that is designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, and that in fact so qualifies.
Incentive Stock Option
 
(w) "" means an employment, consulting or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.
Individual Agreement
(x) "" means any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option.
Nonqualified Option
(y) "" means an Award granted under Section 5.
Option
(z) "" means Awards of Common Stock and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based upon, Common Stock, including (without limitation), unrestricted stock, dividend equivalents, and convertible debentures.
Other Stock-Based Award
(aa) "" means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award is or has been granted.
Participant
(bb) "" means the performance goals established by the Committee in connection with the grant of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Other Stock-Based Awards. In the case of Qualified Performance-Based Awards, (i) such goals shall be based on the attainment of specified levels of one or more of the following measures: revenues; revenue growth; product revenue growth; earnings (including earnings before taxes, earnings before interest and taxes or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization); earnings per share; operating income (including non-pension operating income); pre- or after-tax income (before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus); cash flow (before or after dividends); cash flow per share (before or after dividends); gross margin; return on equity; return on capital (including return on total capital or return on invested capital); cash flow return on investment; return on assets or operating assets; economic value added (or an equivalent metric); stock price appreciation; total stockholder return (measured in terms of stock price appreciation and dividend growth); cost control; gross profit; operating profit; cash generation; unit volume; stock price; market share; sales; asset quality; cost saving levels; marketing-spending efficiency; core non-interest income; debt reductions; stockholder equity; regulatory achievements; implementation, completion or attainment of measurable objectives with respect to research, development, products or projects; recruiting and maintaining personnel; or change in working capital with respect to the Company or any one or more subsidiaries, divisions, business units or business segments of the Company either in absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more other companies or an index covering multiple companies and (ii) such Performance Goals shall be set by the Committee within the time period prescribed by Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Performance Goals
(cc) "" means that period established by the Committee at the time any Performance Unit is granted or at any time thereafter during which any Performance Goals specified by the Committee with respect to such Award are to be measured.
Performance Period
(dd) "" means any Award granted under Section 8 of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of property other than Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, or any combination thereof, upon achievement of such Performance Goals during the Performance Period as the Committee shall establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.
Performance Unit
 
(ee) "" means this Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as hereafter amended from time to time.
Plan
(ff) "" means an Award intended to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, as provided in Section 11.
Qualified Performance-Based Award
(gg) "" means an Award granted under Section 6.
Restricted Stock
(hh) "" means an Award granted under Section 7.
Restricted Stock Units
(ii) "" means the exemption from the limitation on deductibility imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code that is set forth in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code.
Section 162(m) Exemption
(jj) "" means any manager of the Company or any Affiliate holding a position at a salary grade of 15 or higher or any future grade that is the equivalent thereof.
Senior Manager
(kk) "" means a share of Common Stock.
Share
(ll) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Stock Appreciation Right
(mm) "" means any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity during any period in which at least a 50% voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any successor to the Company.
Subsidiary
(nn) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
Tandem SAR
(oo) "" means the maximum period during which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may remain outstanding, subject to earlier termination upon Termination of Employment or otherwise, as specified in the applicable Award Agreement.
Term
(pp) "" means, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the termination of the applicable Participant's employment with, or performance of services for, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, (i) if a Participant's employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity, such change in status shall not be deemed a Termination of Employment and (ii) a Participant employed by, or performing services for, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate or a division of the Company and its Affiliates shall be deemed to incur a Termination of Employment if, as a result of a Disaffiliation, such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division ceases to be a Subsidiary, Affiliate or division, as the case may be, and the Participant does not immediately thereafter become an employee of, or service provider for, the Company or another Subsidiary or Affiliate. Temporary absences from employment because of illness, vacation or leave of absence and transfers among the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates shall not be considered Terminations of Employment. For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreements relating to any Adjusted Awards, the Separation shall not constitute a Termination of Employment for purposes of any Adjusted Award. Notwithstanding the above, to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code, the term Termination of Employment shall mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Termination of Employment
 
SECTION 2. Administration
(a) . The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board or such other committee of the Board as the Board may from time to time designate (the "Committee"), which shall be composed of not less than two directors, and shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Committee shall, subject to Section 11, have plenary authority to grant Awards pursuant to the terms of the Plan to Eligible Individuals. Among other things, the Committee shall have the authority, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Employee Benefits Agreement (including the terms of the Adjusted Award):
Committee
(i) to select the Eligible Individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted;
(ii) to determine whether and to what extent Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Other Stock-Based Awards, or any combination thereof, are to be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the terms and conditions of each Award granted hereunder, based on such factors as the Committee shall determine;
(v) subject to Section 12, to modify, amend or adjust the terms and conditions of any Award;
(vi) to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time deem advisable;
(vii) to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto);
(viii) to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances cash, Shares and other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant;
(ix) to accelerate the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any outstanding Award, based in each case on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion determines;
(x) to decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;
(xi) to establish any "blackout" period that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable; and
(xii) to otherwise administer the Plan.
(b) .
Procedures
(i) The Committee may act only by a majority of its members then in office, except that the Committee may, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange and subject to Section 11, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it, including to the Company's chief executive officer or one or more directors or executive officers the authority to grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are not officers of the Company.
 
(ii) Subject to Section 11(c), any authority granted to the Committee may also be exercised by the full Board. To the extent that any permitted action taken by the Board conflicts with action taken by the Committee, the Board action shall control.
(c) . Subject to Section 1(f), any determination made by the Committee or by an appropriately delegated officer pursuant to delegated authority under the provisions of the Plan with respect to any Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or such delegate at the time of the grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan, at any time thereafter. All decisions made by the Committee or any appropriately delegated officer pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible Individuals.
Discretion of Committee
(d) . Subject to Section 5(d), the Committee shall have full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any Award shall be canceled or suspended. In particular, but without limitation, all outstanding Awards to any Participant may be canceled if the Participant, without the consent of the Committee, while employed by the Company or after termination of such employment, becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to, or owns any interest in (other than any nonsubstantial interest, as determined by the Committee), any business that is in competition with the Company or with any business in which the Company has a substantial interest, as determined by the Committee or any one or more Senior Managers or committee of Senior Managers to whom the authority to make such determination is delegated by the Committee.
Cancellation or Suspension
(e) . The terms and conditions of each Award, as determined by the Committee, shall be set forth in a written (or electronic) Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant receiving such Award upon, or as promptly as is reasonably practicable following, the grant of such Award. The effectiveness of an Award shall be subject to the Award Agreement's being signed by the Company and/or the Participant receiving the Award unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. Award Agreements may be amended only in accordance with Section 12 hereof.
Award Agreements
SECTION 3. Common Stock Subject to Plan
(a) . The maximum number of Shares that may be granted pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be 20 million. The maximum number of Shares that may be granted pursuant to Options intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be 5 million Shares and shall not be affected by the provisions of Section 3(c)(ii). Shares subject to an Award under the Plan may be authorized and unissued Shares.
Plan Maximums
(b) . No Participant may be granted Options and Free-Standing SARs covering in excess of 2 million Shares, or Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units or other award subject to Performance Goals covering in excess of 750,000 Shares, during a 36 month period.
Individual Limits
(c) .
Rules for Calculating Shares Delivered
(i) With respect to Awards other than Adjusted Awards, to the extent that any Award is forfeited, or any Option and the related Tandem SAR (if any) or Free-Standing SAR terminates, expires or lapses without being exercised, or any Award is settled for cash, the
 
Shares subject to such Awards not delivered as a result thereof shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.
(ii) With respect to Awards other than Adjusted Awards, if the exercise price of any Option and/or the tax withholding obligations relating to any Award are satisfied by delivering Shares (either actually or through attestation) or withholding Shares relating to such Award or if any Shares subject to an Award shall otherwise not be delivered in settlement of such Award (including upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right), only the net number of Shares received by the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued for purposes of the maximum number of Shares in the first sentence of Section 3(a).
(iii) The provisions of Section 3(c)(i) and 3(c)(ii) shall also apply to Adjusted Awards such that any Shares subject to such awards that are forfeited or terminated, expire, lapse without being exercised or are settled for cash shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.
(d) . In the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, Disaffiliation, or similar event affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a "Corporate Transaction"), the Committee or the Board may in its discretion make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards; and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. In the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, separation, spinoff, reorganization, extraordinary dividend of cash or other property, share combination, or recapitalization or similar event affecting the capital structure of the Company (each, a "Share Change"), the Committee or the Board shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards; and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. In the case of Corporate Transactions, such adjustments may include, without limitation, (1) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for payments of cash, property or a combination thereof having an aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the Committee or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that in the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders of Common Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity securities of the ultimate surviving entity, any such determination by the Committee that the value of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration being paid for each Share pursuant to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall conclusively be deemed valid), , that in the event of the cancellation of such Awards pursuant to this clause (1), the Awards shall vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of such Corporate Transaction; (2) the substitution of other property (including, without limitation, cash or other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company) for the Shares subject to outstanding Awards; and (3) in connection with any
Adjustment Provision
provided
 
Disaffiliation, arranging for the assumption of Awards, or replacement of Awards with new awards based on other property or other securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company), by the affected Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division or by the entity that controls such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division following such Disaffiliation (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards that remain based upon Company securities). The Committee may adjust in its sole discretion the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards to reflect any unusual or non-recurring events and other extraordinary items, impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles or as identified in the Company's financial statements, notes to the financial statements, management's discussion and analysis or the Company's other SEC filings, that in the case of Performance Goals applicable to any Qualified Performance-Based Awards, no adjustment may be made to such an Award to the extent that the adjustment will result in the disallowance of a deduction to the Company under Section 162(m) of the Code that would otherwise have been available for such Award.
provided
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; (ii) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are not considered "deferred compensation" subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that after such adjustment, the Awards either (A) continue not to be subject to Section 409A of the Code or (B) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; and (iii) in any event, neither the Committee nor the Board shall have the authority to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(d) to the extent the existence of such authority would cause an Award that is not intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code at the Grant Date to be subject thereto.
Section 409A.
SECTION 4. Eligibility
Awards may be granted under the Plan to Eligible Individuals and, with respect to Adjusted Awards, in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement; , , that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code) and, with respect to Adjusted Awards that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 421 of the Code, in accordance with the terms of the Employee Benefits Agreement; that Options or Stock Appreciation Rights that are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code may be granted only to Eligible Individuals who are providing services to the Company or any corporation or other entity as to which the Company is an "eligible issuer of service recipient stock" (within the meaning of 409A of the Code).
provided
however
provided, further,
SECTION 5. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
(a) . Options may be of two types: Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified Options. The Award Agreement for an Option shall indicate whether the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option.
Types of Options
(b) . Stock Appreciation Rights may be "Tandem SARs," which are granted in conjunction with an Option, or "Free-Standing SARs,"
Types and Nature of Stock Appreciation Rights
 
which are not granted in conjunction with an Option. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, Shares, or both, in value equal to the product of (i) the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the exercise price of the applicable Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied by (ii) the number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The applicable Award Agreement shall specify whether such payment is to be made in cash or Common Stock or both, or shall reserve to the Committee or the Participant the right to make that determination prior to or upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right.
(c) . A Tandem SAR may be granted at the Grant Date of the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the related Option is exercisable in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5, and shall have the same exercise price as the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the related Option, and the related Option shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the Tandem SAR.
Tandem SARs
(d) . The exercise price per Share subject to an Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on the applicable Grant Date. In no event may any Option or Free-Standing SAR granted under this Plan be amended, other than pursuant to Section 3(d), to decrease the exercise price thereof, be cancelled in conjunction with the grant of any new Option or Free-Standing SAR with a lower exercise price, or otherwise be subject to any action that would be treated, for accounting purposes, as a "repricing" of such Option or Free-Standing SAR, unless such amendment, cancellation, or action is approved by the Company's stockholders.
Exercise Price
(e) . The Term of each Option and each Free-Standing SAR shall be fixed by the Committee, but shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date (except in the case of death or Disability).
Term
(f) . Except as otherwise provided herein, Options and Free-Standing SARs shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee, including terms and conditions related to the continued service of the applicable Participant or the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, provided that in no event shall the normal vesting schedule of an Option or Free-Standing SAR provide that such Option or Free-Standing SAR vest prior to the first anniversary of the date of grant (other than in the case of death or Disability). If the Committee provides that any Option or Free-Standing SAR will become exercisable only in installments, the Committee may at any time waive such installment exercise provisions, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Committee may determine.
Vesting and Exercisability
(g) . The method of exercising Options and SARs shall be set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.
Method of Exercise
(h) . No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the exercise price therefor has been fully paid and applicable taxes have been withheld. The applicable Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company
Delivery; Rights of Stockholders
 
holding the class or series of Common Stock that is subject to the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (including, if applicable, the right to vote the applicable Shares and the right to receive dividends), when the Participant (i) has given written notice of exercise, (ii) if requested, has given the representation described in Section 14(a), and (iii) in the case of an Option, has paid in full for such Shares.
(i) . No Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be transferable by a Participant other than (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (ii) in the case of a Nonqualified Option or Free-Standing SAR, if expressly permitted by the Committee pursuant to a transfer to the Participant's family members, whether directly or indirectly or by means of a trust or partnership or otherwise, or a transfer for a charitable donation. For purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, "family member" shall have the meaning given to such term in General Instructions A.1(a)(5) to Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. A Tandem SAR shall be transferable only with the related Option as permitted by the preceding sentence. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable, subject to the terms of this Plan, only by the applicable Participant, the guardian or legal representative of such Participant, or any person to whom such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is permissibly transferred pursuant to this Section 5(i), it being understood that the term "Participant" includes such guardian, legal representative and other transferee; , , that the term "Termination of Employment" shall continue to refer to the Termination of Employment of the original Participant.
Nontransferability of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights
provided
however
SECTION 6. Restricted Stock
(a) . Shares of Restricted Stock are actual Shares issued to a Participant, and shall be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book-entry registration or issuance of one or more stock certificates. Any certificate issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the applicable Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form:
Nature of Awards and Certificates
"The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the Teradata Corporation, 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file at the offices of Teradata Corporation, 2835 Miami Village Drive, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342."
The Committee may require that the certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the applicable Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award.
(b) . Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
Terms and Conditions
(i) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (B) the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the
 
applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee conditions the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate an Award of Restricted Stock as a Qualified Performance-Based Award. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Awards (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient.
(ii) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Award for which such vesting restrictions apply (the "Restriction Period"), and until the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Shares of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, any Award of Restricted Stock shall be subject to vesting during the Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and that an Award may vest in part on a pro rata basis prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Restricted Stock (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full-Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided, further
provided
further
(iii) Except as provided in this Section 6 and in the applicable Award Agreement, the applicable Participant shall have, with respect to the Shares of Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock, including, if applicable, the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash dividends. If so determined by the Committee in the applicable Award Agreement and subject to Section 14(e), (A) cash dividends on the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock Award shall be automatically deferred and reinvested in additional Restricted Stock, held subject to the vesting of the underlying Restricted Stock, and (B) subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 3(d), dividends payable in Common Stock shall be paid in the form of Restricted Stock of the same class as the Common Stock with which such dividend was paid, held subject to the vesting of the underlying Restricted Stock.
(iv) If and when any applicable Performance Goals are satisfied and the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Shares of Restricted Stock for which legended certificates have been issued, unlegended certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant upon surrender of the legended certificates.
SECTION 7. Restricted Stock Units
(a) . Restricted Stock Units are Awards denominated in Shares that will be settled, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units, in an amount in cash, Shares, or both, based upon the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares.
Nature of Awards
(b) . Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
Terms and Conditions
 
(i) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (B) the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee conditions the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate the Restricted Stock Units as a Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the Restricted Stock Units vest or at a later time specified by the Committee or in accordance with an election of the Participant, if the Committee so permits.
(ii) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Units for which such vesting restrictions apply (the "Restriction Period"), and until the expiration of the Restriction Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, any Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to vesting during the Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and that a Restricted Stock Unit may vest in part prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Restricted Stock Units (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full-Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided, further
provided
further
(iii) The Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units shall specify whether, to what extent and on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant shall be entitled to receive current or deferred payments of cash, Common Stock or other property corresponding to the dividends payable on the Common Stock (subject to Section 14(e) below).
SECTION 8. Performance Units.
Performance Units may be issued hereunder to Eligible Individuals, for no cash consideration or for such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Performance Goals to be achieved during any Performance Period and the length of the Performance Period shall be determined by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Unit,that the Performance Period shall be no less than one year following the date of grant. The Committee may, in connection with the grant of Performance Units, designate them as Qualified Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Performance Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Performance Units may be paid in cash, Shares, other property or any combination thereof, in the sole discretion of the Committee as set forth in the
provided
 
applicable Award Agreement. The performance levels to be achieved for each Performance Period and the amount of the Award to be distributed shall be conclusively determined by the Committee. Performance Units may be paid in a lump sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period. The maximum value of the property, including cash, that may be paid or distributed to any Participant pursuant to a grant of Performance Units made in any Performance Period shall be $7.5 million dollars.
SECTION 9. Other Stock-Based Awards
Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted under the Plan, provided that any Other Stock-Based Awards that are Awards of Common Stock that are unrestricted shall only be granted in lieu of other compensation due and payable to the Participant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, any Other Stock-Based Award that is a Full Value Award shall be subject to vesting during a Restriction Period of at least three years following the date of grant, that a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant is permissible if vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals, and , that an Other Stock-Based Award that is a Full Value Award may vest in part on a pro rata basis prior to the expiration of any Restriction Period, , , that up to five percent of Shares available for grant as Other Stock-Based Awards that are Full Value Awards (together with all other Shares available for grant as Full Value Awards) may be granted with a Restriction Period of at least one year following the date of grant regardless of whether vesting is conditioned upon the achievement of Performance Goals.
provided
provided
further
provided
further
SECTION 10. Change in Control Provisions
(a) . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, unless Awards are not assumed, converted or replaced in which case such Awards shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control, upon a Participant's Termination of Employment, during the 24-month period following a Change in Control, (x) by the Company other than for Cause or Disability or (y) for Participants who are participants in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan (the "CIC Severance Plan"), for Participants who participate in a Teradata Severance Policy ("Severance Policy") at a level that provides the Participant with the opportunity to resign for "good reason," and for other Participants to the extent set forth in an Award Agreement, by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined below):
Impact of Event
(i) any Options and Stock Appreciation Rights outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall be fully exercisable and vested and shall remain exercisable until the later of (A) the last date on which such Option or Stock Appreciation Right would be exercisable in the absence of this Section 10(a) and (B) the first anniversary of such Termination of Employment, that in no event shall the Option or Stock Appreciation Right be exercisable beyond the expiration of the Term of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right;
provided
(ii) the restrictions and deferral limitations applicable to any Restricted Stock shall lapse, and such Restricted Stock outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable; and
 
(iii) all Restricted Stock Units outstanding as of such Termination of Employment which were outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control shall be considered to be earned and payable in full, and any deferral or other restriction shall lapse and such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as promptly as is practicable in (subject to Section 3(d)) the form set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.
For purposes of this Section 10, "Good Reason" means if the Participant is a participant in the CIC Severance Plan or is subject to the Severance Policy, "Good Reason" as defined in the CIC Severance Plan or the Severance Policy, as applicable, or, if the Participant is not a participant in the CIC Severance Plan or the Severance Policy, as applicable, "Good Reason" as defined in any Individual Agreement or Award Agreement to which the applicable Participant is a party.
(b) . Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, for purposes of the Plan, a "Change in Control" shall mean any of the following events:
Definition of Change in Control
(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of thirty percent (30%) or more of either (a) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the "Outstanding Company Common Stock") or (b) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); , , that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, (B) any acquisition by the Company, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (d) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) of this Section 10(b); or
provided
however
(ii) Individuals who, as of the date of this Plan, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; , , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Plan whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (
provided
however
 2
/
3
) of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
(iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets of another entity (a "Corporate Transaction"), in each case, unless, following such Corporate Transaction, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then
 
outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty percent (30%) or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Corporate Transaction; and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Corporate Transaction; or
(iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
SECTION 11. Qualified Performance-Based Awards; Section 16(b)
(a) The provisions of this Plan are intended to ensure that all Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted hereunder to any Participant who is or may be a "covered employee" (within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) in the tax year in which such Option or Stock Appreciation Right is expected to be deductible to the Company qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and all such Awards shall therefore be considered Qualified Performance-Based Awards and this Plan shall be interpreted and operated consistent with that intention (including, without limitation, to require that all such Awards be granted by a committee composed solely of members who satisfy the requirements for being "outside directors" for purposes of the Section 162(m) Exemption ("Outside Directors")). When granting any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee may designate such Award as a Qualified Performance-Based Award, based upon a determination that (i) the recipient is or may be a "covered employee" (within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code) with respect to such Award, and (ii) the Committee wishes such Award to qualify for the Section 162(m) Exemption, and the terms of any such Award (and of the grant thereof) shall be consistent with such designation (including, without limitation, that all such Awards be granted by a committee composed solely of Outside Directors). Within 90 days after the commencement of a Performance Period or, if earlier, by the expiration of 25% of a Performance Period, the Committee will designate one or more Performance Periods, determine the Participants for the Performance Periods and establish the Performance Goals for the Performance Periods.
(b) Each Qualified Performance-Based Award (other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right) shall be earned, vested and/or payable (as applicable) only upon the achievement of one or more Performance Goals, together with the satisfaction of any other conditions, such as continued employment, as the Committee may determine to be appropriate.
(c) The full Board shall not be permitted to exercise authority granted to the Committee to the extent that the grant or exercise of such authority would cause an Award designated as a
 
Qualified Performance-Based Award not to qualify for, or to cease to qualify for, the Section 162(m) Exemption.
(d) The provisions of this Plan are intended to ensure that no transaction under the Plan is subject to (and not exempt from) the short-swing recovery rules of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act ("Section 16(b)"). Accordingly, the composition of the Committee shall be subject to such limitations as the Board deems appropriate to permit transactions pursuant to this Plan to be exempt (pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) from Section 16(b), and no delegation of authority by the Committee shall be permitted if such delegation would cause any such transaction to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 16(b).
SECTION 12. Term, Amendment and Termination
(a) . The Plan was adopted by the Board effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and approved by NCR Corporation, as sole shareholder of the Company, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Effectiveness
(b) . The Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. Awards outstanding as of such date shall not be affected or impaired by the termination of the Plan.
Termination
(c) . The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration or discontinuation shall be made which would materially impair the rights of the Participant with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participant's consent, except such an amendment made to comply with applicable law, including without limitation Section 409A of the Code, stock exchange rules or accounting rules. In addition, no such amendment shall be made without the approval of the Company's stockholders to the extent such approval is required by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange.
Amendment of Plan
(d) . Subject to Section 5(d), the Committee may unilaterally amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, but no such amendment shall materially impair the rights of any Participant with respect to an Award without the Participant's consent, except such an amendment made to cause the Plan or Award to comply with applicable law, stock exchange rules or accounting rules.
Amendment of Awards
SECTION 13. Unfunded Status of Plan
It is presently intended that the Plan constitute an "unfunded" plan for incentive and deferred compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Common Stock or make payments; , , that unless the Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the "unfunded" status of the Plan.
provided
however
SECTION 14. General Provisions
(a) . The Committee may require each person purchasing or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such Shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or
Conditions for Issuance
 
agreements made pursuant thereto, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (i) listing or approval for listing upon notice of issuance, of such Shares on the Applicable Exchange; (ii) any registration or other qualification of such Shares of the Company under any state or federal law or regulation, or the maintaining in effect of any such registration or other qualification which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion upon the advice of counsel, deem necessary or advisable; and (iii) obtaining any other consent, approval, or permit from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion after receiving the advice of counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable.
(b) . Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements for its employees.
Additional Compensation Arrangements
(c) . The Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment, and adoption of the Plan shall not confer upon any employee any right to continued employment, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate the employment of any employee at any time.
No Contract of Employment
(d) . No later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of a Participant for federal, state, local or foreign income or employment or other tax purposes with respect to any Award under the Plan, such Participant shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such amount, up to the Participant's minimum required tax withholding rate (or such other rate that will not trigger a negative accounting impact). Unless otherwise determined by the Company, withholding obligations may be settled with Common Stock, including Common Stock that is part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding requirement. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment otherwise due to such Participant. The Committee may establish such procedures as it deems appropriate, including making irrevocable elections, for the settlement of withholding obligations with Common Stock.
Required Taxes
(e) . Reinvestment of dividends in additional Restricted Stock at the time of any dividend payment, and the payment of Shares with respect to dividends to Participants holding Awards of Restricted Stock Units, shall only be permissible if sufficient Shares are available under Section 3 for such reinvestment or payment (taking into account then outstanding Awards). In the event that sufficient Shares are not available for such reinvestment or payment, such reinvestment or payment shall be made in the form of a grant of Restricted Stock Units equal in number to the Shares that would have been obtained by such payment or reinvestment, the terms of which Restricted Stock Units shall provide for settlement in cash and for dividend equivalent reinvestment in further Restricted Stock Units on the terms contemplated by this Section 14(e).
Limitation on Dividend Reinvestment and Dividend Equivalents
(f) . The Committee shall establish such procedures as it deems appropriate for a Participant to designate a beneficiary to whom any amounts payable in
Designation of Death Beneficiary
 
the event of such Participant's death are to be paid or by whom any rights of such eligible Individual, after such Participant's death, may be exercised.
(g) . In the case of a grant of an Award to any employee of a Subsidiary of the Company, the Company may, if the Committee so directs, issue or transfer the Shares, if any, covered by the Award to the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, upon the condition or understanding that the Subsidiary will transfer the Shares to the employee in accordance with the terms of the Award specified by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. All Shares underlying Awards that are forfeited or canceled should revert to the Company.
Subsidiary Employees
(h) . The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Plan are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect.
Governing Law and Interpretation
(i) . Except as otherwise provided in Section 5(i) or by the Committee, Awards under the Plan are not transferable except by will or by laws of descent and distribution.
Non-Transferability
(j) . The Committee may grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are foreign nationals, who are located outside the United States or who are not compensated from a payroll maintained in the United States, or who are otherwise subject to (or could cause the Company to be subject to) legal or regulatory provisions of countries or jurisdictions outside the United States, on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, or subplans as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory provisions.
Foreign Employees and Foreign Law Considerations
(k) . Subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Committee shall be authorized to establish procedures pursuant to which the payment of any Award may be deferred. Subject to the provisions of this Plan and any Award Agreement, the recipient of an Award (including, without limitation, any deferred Award) may, if so determined by the Committee, be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, interest or dividends, or interest or dividend equivalents, with respect to the number of shares covered by the Award, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, and the Committee may provide that such amounts (if any) shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise reinvested.
Deferrals
(l) . Awards granted under this Plan shall be designed and administered in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. To the extent that the Committee determines that any award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement shall incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A of the Code upon a Participant. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement (unless the Award Agreement provides otherwise with specific reference to this Section): (i) an Award shall not be granted, deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, settled, substituted or modified under this Plan in a manner that would result in the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A of the
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code
 
Code upon a Participant; and (ii) if an Award constitutes "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and if the participant holding the award is a "specified employee" (as defined in Section 409A of the Code, with such classification to be determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company), no distribution or payment of any amount shall be made before a date that is six (6) months following the date of such participant's "separation from service" (as defined in Section 409A of the Code) or, if earlier, the date of the participant's death. Although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not warrant that any award under the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment under Section 409A of the Code or any other provision of federal, state, local, or non-United States law. Neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be liable to any Participant (or any other individual claiming a benefit through the Participant) for any tax, interest, or penalties the Participant might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise, or payment of any award under the Plan.
, the Company has caused this amended and restated Plan to be executed on this 3
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
rd
day of February, 2009.
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
September 20, 2007
Robert Fair
NCR Corporation
Dear Bob:
I am delighted to extend to you an offer of employment with Teradata Corporation as Executive Vice President, Global Field Operations, effective immediately after Teradata separates from NCR Corporation on October 1, 2007 (your "Start Date"). In this position you will report directly to me and will be considered a Section 16 Officer of Teradata. Other details of this offer are as set forth below.
 Your annual base salary will be Three Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($360,000) per year, commencing on the Start Date. Your base salary will be paid in accordance with the Company's usual payroll practice, which is anticipated to be bi-weekly and one week in arrears.
Annual Base Salary
Your compensation will be reviewed from time to time for adjustment as appropriate in the judgment of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of Teradata's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee").
 You will be eligible to participate in Teradata Corporation's Management Incentive Plan for Executive Officers ("MIP"), which provides year-end incentive awards based on the success of Teradata Corporation in meeting annual performance objectives. You will be eligible for a target award of 75% of your base salary and a maximum award of 150% of your base salary. The actual award payable remains subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee, and the award for 2007 will be based upon the number of months you are in this position during the year.
Annual Incentive Award
For the portion of 2007 you were employed by NCR Corporation, you will also be paid an annual incentive award under the NCR Business Performance Plan ("BPP") based on the target percentage, performance measures and results that were in effect during your employment there. The performance measures for the BPP award will be adjusted to reflect the impact of the separation.
As part of your previous position, you were eligible for a Revenue Growth Bonus in addition to your BPP award. This bonus was originally designed to award $100,000 (gross) for each 8% of Teradata Division's revenue growth beginning in 2007, continuing for a three year period, with a review at the end of 2009 to determine award continuation. As a result of the spin off and your appointment to your new role at Teradata as Executive Vice President, Global Field Operations, effective October 1, 2007, you will no longer be eligible for this bonus at the time you assume your new role. However, you will be eligible to receive a revenue growth bonus from NCR that is pro-rated for the first three (3) quarters of 2007 and based on Teradata Division's actual growth results from Q3 2006 to Q3 2007 compared to the 8% growth target. See Attachment B for an example of the calculation methodology.
 Contingent upon your acceptance of this offer, you will be granted an equity award with a total value of $500,000 to be delivered 50% in Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and 50% in Stock Options. The effective date of the grant will be on or as soon as practicable following the Start Date ("Equity Effective Date"). The methodology for converting the dollar value of the award into a number of units and options will be provided to you at a later date. This grant will be awarded under the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan which is not effective until Teradata becomes an independent company. Therefore, the grant is also subject to the separation of NCR and Teradata occurring and the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan going into effect.
Equity Grant
 In your new position, you will be an eligible participant in Tier II of Teradata's Change in Control Severance Plan for Executive Officers. Subject to the terms and conditions of that plan, in the event of a qualified Change-In-Control (as defined in the plan), you will receive a severance benefit of two times your base salary and bonus. This plan is subject to amendment or termination by Teradata in accordance with the terms of the plan.
Change in Control
 At Teradata Corporation, you will be eligible for the same number of weeks of paid vacation in 2007 as you were while employed by NCR Corporation. Vacation days used at NCR prior to your Start Date will be deducted from your available 2007 vacation time at Teradata.
Vacation
 Effective upon your Start Date and for the remainder of 2007, you will continue to be eligible to receive health care coverage, dental care coverage, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance coverage, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance coverage on substantially similar terms and at the same cost to you as you did while employed by NCR Corporation. You will have the opportunity to change your benefit elections for 2008 through Teradata's flexible benefits program during open enrollment in late 2007.
Health and Welfare Benefits
Additionally, you will be eligible to participate in the Teradata Savings Plan (401(k)) and other programs generally available to U.S. employees of Teradata. Information about each program will be provided in future communications.
 By signing this letter, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a twelve (12) month period after termination of employment for any reason (the "Restricted Period"), you will not yourself or through others, without the prior written consent of the Teradata Board of Directors, (1) render services directly or indirectly to any "Competing Organization" (as defined in this paragraph) involving the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment, including customers of Teradata. For purposes of this letter, "Competing
Non-Competition
Organization" means any organization identified by Teradata's CEO each year for purposes of non-competition provisions in Teradata benefit plans that refer to "Competing Organizations," as well as any subsidiaries or affiliates of such companies, even if such subsidiaries or affiliates become stand-alone companies as a result of a spin-off, IPO or similar restructuring transaction. The current list of Competing Organizations is set forth in Attachment A to this letter.
 You agree that during the term of your employment with Teradata and thereafter, you will not, except as you deem necessary in good faith to perform your duties hereunder for the benefit of Teradata or as required by applicable law, disclose to others or use, whether directly or indirectly, any "Confidential Information" regarding Teradata. "Confidential Information" shall mean information about Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective clients and customers that is not available to the general public or generally known in the industry and that was learned by you in the course of your employment by Teradata, including (without limitation) (i) any proprietary knowledge, trade secrets, ideas, processes, formulas, sequences, developments, designs, assays and techniques, data, formulae, and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, records (including computer records); (ii) information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the documents containing such Confidential Information; provided, however, that any provision in any grant or agreement that limits disclosure shall not apply to the extent such information is publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You acknowledge that such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to Teradata, and that such information gives Teradata a competitive advantage. Upon the termination of your employment for any reason whatsoever, you shall promptly deliver to Teradata all documents, slides, computer tapes, disks and other media (and all copies thereof) containing any Confidential Information.
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure
 You acknowledge and agree that the time, territory and scope of the post-employment restrictive covenants in this letter (the non-competition, non-solicitation, non-hire, confidentiality and non-disclosure covenants are hereby collectively referred to as the "Restrictive Covenants") are reasonable and necessary for the protection of Teradata's legitimate business interests, and you agree not to challenge the reasonableness of such restrictions. You acknowledge that you have had a full and fair opportunity to be represented by counsel in this matter and to consider these restrictions prior to your execution of this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that you have received sufficient and valuable consideration in exchange for your agreement to the Restrictive Covenants, including but not limited to your salary, equity awards and benefits under this letter, and all other consideration provided to you under this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that if you breach the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and may not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata may, in addition to its other remedies, bring an action or actions for
Breach of Restrictive Covenants
injunction, specific performance, or both, and have entered a temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, or order compelling specific performance.
 Any controversy or claim related in any way to this letter or your employment with Teradata (including, but not limited to, any claim of fraud or misrepresentation or any claim with regard to your participation in a Change In Control Severance Plan, if applicable), shall be resolved by arbitration on a de novo standard pursuant to this paragraph and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be held in Dayton, Ohio, before an arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable of employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages. Issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio. Each party shall bear its own attorneys' fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association; provided, however, that if you are the prevailing party, you shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses incurred in connection with the dispute. If any portion of this paragraph is held to be unenforceable, it shall be severed and shall not affect either the duty to arbitrate or any other part of this paragraph.
Arbitration
The Company agrees to cooperate with you to amend this letter to the extent you deem necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (and any Department of Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder), but only to the extent such amendment would not have a more than de minimus adverse effect on the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter, the Company may withhold from any amounts payable hereunder, or any other benefits received pursuant hereto, such minimum federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.
This letter reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment. Accordingly, it supersedes and completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this subject, including all prior agreements on compensation or bonuses (it being understood that this letter will not supersede but will be in addition to any restrictive covenants to which you may otherwise be subject). This letter is not an employment contract, and should not be construed or interpreted as containing any guarantee of continued employment or employment for a specific term. The employment relationship at Teradata is by mutual consent (employment-at-will), and the Company or you may discontinue your employment with or without cause at any time and for any reason or no reason.
Bob, I am excited about the contributions, experience and knowledge you can bring to Teradata. I look forward to you joining my leadership team as we build Teradata's future success.
Sincerely
DatAllegro
Dell Inc.
Fujitsu
Greenplum Network
Hitachi, Ltd.
HP
IBM
Microsoft
Netezza
Oracle Corporation
SAP
SAS
Satyam Computer Services Ltd.
Sun Microsystems
The Tata Group
Unica Corporation (CRM app)
Wipro Technologies
 
 
The above is an estimate only. Actual calculations will be made after September 2007 results are final.

Exhibit 10.3
September 20, 2007
Daniel Harrington
NCR Corporation
Dear Dan:
I am delighted to extend to you an offer of employment with Teradata Corporation as Executive Vice President, Technology and Support Services, effective immediately after Teradata separates from NCR Corporation on October 1, 2007 (your "Start Date"). In this position you will report directly to me and will be considered a Section 16 Officer of Teradata. Other details of this offer are as set forth below.
 Your annual base salary will be Three Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($360,000) per year, commencing on the Start Date. Your base salary will be paid in accordance with the Company's usual payroll practice, which is anticipated to be bi-weekly and one week in arrears.
Annual Base Salary
Your compensation will be reviewed from time to time for adjustment as appropriate in the judgment of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of Teradata's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee").
 You will be eligible to participate in Teradata Corporation's Management Incentive Plan for Executive Officers ("MIP"), which provides year-end incentive awards based on the success of Teradata Corporation in meeting annual performance objectives. You will be eligible for a target award of 75% of your base salary and a maximum award of 150% of your base salary. The actual award payable remains subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee, and the award for 2007 will be based upon the number of months you are in this position during the year.
Annual Incentive Award
For the portion of 2007 you were employed by NCR Corporation, you will also be paid any amounts due to you under the NCR Sales Compensation Plan.
As part of your previous position, you were eligible for a Revenue Growth Bonus in addition to your NCR Sales Compensation Plan. This bonus was originally designed to award $100,000 (gross) for each 8% of Teradata Division's revenue growth beginning in 2007, continuing for a three year period, with a review at the end of 2009 to determine award continuation. As a result of the spin off and your appointment to your new role at Teradata as Executive Vice President, Technology and Support Services, effective October 1, 2007, you will no longer be eligible for this bonus at the time you assume your new role. However, you will be eligible to receive a revenue growth bonus from NCR that is pro-rated for the first three (3) quarters of 2007 and based on Teradata Division's actual growth results from Q3 2006 to Q3 2007 compared to the 8% growth target. See Attachment B for an example of the calculation methodology.
 Contingent upon your acceptance of this offer, you will be granted an equity award with a total value of $500,000 to be delivered 50% in Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and 50% in Stock Options. The effective date of the grant will be on or as soon as practicable following the Start Date ("Equity Effective Date"). The
Equity Grant
methodology for converting the dollar value of the award into a number of units and options will be provided to you at a later date. This grant will be awarded under the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan which is not effective until Teradata becomes an independent company. Therefore, the grant is also subject to the separation of NCR and Teradata occurring and the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan going into effect.
 In your new position, you will be an eligible participant in Tier II of Teradata's Change in Control Severance Plan for Executive Officers. Subject to the terms and conditions of that plan, in the event of a qualified Change-In-Control (as defined in the plan), you will receive a severance benefit of two times your base salary and bonus. This plan is subject to amendment or termination by Teradata in accordance with the terms of the plan.
Change in Control
 At Teradata Corporation, you will be eligible for the same number of weeks of paid vacation in 2007 as you were while employed by NCR Corporation. Vacation days used at NCR prior to your Start Date will be deducted from your available 2007 vacation time at Teradata.
Vacation
 Effective upon your Start Date and for the remainder of 2007, you will continue to be eligible to receive health care coverage, dental care coverage, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance coverage, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance coverage on substantially similar terms and at the same cost to you as you did while employed by NCR Corporation. You will have the opportunity to change your benefit elections for 2008 through Teradata's flexible benefits program during open enrollment in late 2007.
Health and Welfare Benefits
Additionally, you will be eligible to participate in the Teradata Savings Plan (401(k)) and other programs generally available to U.S. employees of Teradata. Information about each program will be provided in future communications.
 By signing this letter, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a twelve (12) month period after termination of employment for any reason (the "Restricted Period"), you will not yourself or through others, without the prior written consent of the Teradata Board of Directors, (1) render services directly or indirectly to any "Competing Organization" (as defined in this paragraph) involving the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment, including customers of Teradata. For purposes of this letter, "Competing Organization" means any organization identified by Teradata's CEO each year for purposes of non-competition provisions in Teradata benefit plans that refer to "Competing Organizations," as well as any subsidiaries or affiliates of such companies, even if such subsidiaries or affiliates become stand-alone companies as a result of a spin-off,
Non-Competition
IPO or similar restructuring transaction. The current list of Competing Organizations is set forth in Attachment A to this letter.
 You agree that during the term of your employment with Teradata and thereafter, you will not, except as you deem necessary in good faith to perform your duties hereunder for the benefit of Teradata or as required by applicable law, disclose to others or use, whether directly or indirectly, any "Confidential Information" regarding Teradata. "Confidential Information" shall mean information about Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective clients and customers that is not available to the general public or generally known in the industry and that was learned by you in the course of your employment by Teradata, including (without limitation) (i) any proprietary knowledge, trade secrets, ideas, processes, formulas, sequences, developments, designs, assays and techniques, data, formulae, and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, records (including computer records); (ii) information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the documents containing such Confidential Information; provided, however, that any provision in any grant or agreement that limits disclosure shall not apply to the extent such information is publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You acknowledge that such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to Teradata, and that such information gives Teradata a competitive advantage. Upon the termination of your employment for any reason whatsoever, you shall promptly deliver to Teradata all documents, slides, computer tapes, disks and other media (and all copies thereof) containing any Confidential Information.
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure
 You acknowledge and agree that the time, territory and scope of the post-employment restrictive covenants in this letter (the non-competition, non-solicitation, non-hire, confidentiality and non-disclosure covenants are hereby collectively referred to as the "Restrictive Covenants") are reasonable and necessary for the protection of Teradata's legitimate business interests, and you agree not to challenge the reasonableness of such restrictions. You acknowledge that you have had a full and fair opportunity to be represented by counsel in this matter and to consider these restrictions prior to your execution of this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that you have received sufficient and valuable consideration in exchange for your agreement to the Restrictive Covenants, including but not limited to your salary, equity awards and benefits under this letter, and all other consideration provided to you under this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that if you breach the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and may not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata may, in addition to its other remedies, bring an action or actions for injunction, specific performance, or both, and have entered a temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, or order compelling specific performance.
Breach of Restrictive Covenants
 Any controversy or claim related in any way to this letter or your employment with Teradata (including, but not limited to, any claim of fraud or
Arbitration
misrepresentation or any claim with regard to your participation in a Change In Control Severance Plan, if applicable), shall be resolved by arbitration on a de novo standard pursuant to this paragraph and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be held in Dayton, Ohio, before an arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable of employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages. Issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio. Each party shall bear its own attorneys' fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association; provided, however, that if you are the prevailing party, you shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses incurred in connection with the dispute. If any portion of this paragraph is held to be unenforceable, it shall be severed and shall not affect either the duty to arbitrate or any other part of this paragraph.
The Company agrees to cooperate with you to amend this letter to the extent you deem necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (and any Department of Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder), but only to the extent such amendment would not have a more than de minimus adverse effect on the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter, the Company may withhold from any amounts payable hereunder, or any other benefits received pursuant hereto, such minimum federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.
This letter reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment. Accordingly, it supersedes and completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this subject, including all prior agreements on compensation or bonuses (it being understood that this letter will not supersede but will be in addition to any restrictive covenants to which you may otherwise be subject). This letter is not an employment contract, and should not be construed or interpreted as containing any guarantee of continued employment or employment for a specific term. The employment relationship at Teradata is by mutual consent (employment-at-will), and the Company or you may discontinue your employment with or without cause at any time and for any reason or no reason.
Dan, I am excited about the contributions, experience and knowledge you can bring to Teradata. I look forward to you joining my leadership team as we build Teradata's future success.
 
DatAllegro
Dell Inc.
Fujitsu
Greenplum Network
Hitachi, Ltd.
HP
IBM
Microsoft
Netezza
Oracle Corporation
SAP
SAS
Satyam Computer Services Ltd.
Sun Microsystems
The Tata Group
Unica Corporation (CRM app)
Wipro Technologies
 
 
The above is an estimate only. Actual calculations will be made after September 2007 results are final.

Exhibit 10.4
September 20, 2007
Bruce Langos
NCR Corporation
Dear Bruce:
I am delighted to extend to you an offer of employment with Teradata Corporation as Chief Operations Officer, effective immediately after the date Teradata separates from NCR Corporation, October 1, 2007 ("Start Date"). In this position you will report directly to me and will be considered a Section 16 Officer of Teradata. Other details of this offer are as set forth below.
 Your annual base salary will be Three Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($360,000) per year, commencing on the Start Date. Your base salary will be paid in accordance with the Company's usual payroll practice, which is anticipated to be bi-weekly and one week in arrears.
Annual Base Salary
Your compensation will be reviewed from time to time for adjustment as appropriate in the judgment of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of Teradata's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee").
 You will be eligible to participate in Teradata Corporation's Management Incentive Plan for Executive Officers ("MIP"), which provides year-end incentive awards based on the success of Teradata Corporation in meeting annual performance objectives. You will be eligible for a target award of 75% of your base salary and a maximum award of 150% of your base salary. The actual award payable remains subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee, and the award for 2007 will be based upon the number of months you are in this position during the year.
Annual Incentive Award
For the portion of 2007 you were employed by NCR Corporation, you will also be paid an annual incentive award under the NCR Management Incentive Plan based on the target percentage, performance measures and results that were in effect during your employment there. The performance measures for this award will be adjusted to reflect the separation of NCR and Teradata.
The stretch objective you were given while at NCR will continue at Teradata for the remainder of 2007, with the target similarly being adjusted to reflect the separation of NCR and Teradata.
The diversity bonus you were eligible for while at NCR will continue at Teradata for the remainder of 2007. The payout will be based on total NCR results at the end of 2007, with Teradata included in those results for the first three quarters of the year, but excluded the last quarter of the year.
 Contingent upon your acceptance of this offer, you will be granted an equity award with a total value of $450,000 to be delivered 50% in Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and 50% in Stock Options. The effective date of the grant will be on or as soon as practicable following the Start Date ("Equity Effective Date"). The
Equity Grant
methodology for converting the dollar value of the award into a number of units and options will be provided to you at a later date. This grant will be awarded under the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan which is not effective until Teradata becomes an independent company. Therefore, the grant is also subject to the separation of NCR and Teradata occurring and the Teradata Stock Incentive Plan going into effect.
In your new position, you will be an eligible participant in Tier II of Teradata's Change in Control Severance Plan for Executive Officers. Subject to the terms and conditions of that plan, in the event of a qualified Change-In-Control (as defined in the plan), you will receive a severance benefit of two times your base salary and bonus. This plan is subject to amendment or termination by Teradata in accordance with the terms of the plan.
Change in Control
 At Teradata Corporation, you will be eligible for the same number of weeks of paid vacation in 2007 as you were while employed by NCR Corporation. Vacation days used at NCR prior to your Start Date will be deducted from your available 2007 vacation time at Teradata.
Vacation
 Effective upon your Start Date and for the remainder of 2007, you will continue to be eligible to receive health care coverage, dental care coverage, short-term and long-term disability coverage, life insurance coverage, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance coverage on substantially similar terms and at the same cost to you as you did while employed by NCR Corporation. You will have the opportunity to change your benefit elections for 2008 through Teradata's flexible benefits program during open enrollment in late 2007.
Health and Welfare Benefits
Additionally, you will be eligible to participate in the Teradata Savings Plan (401(k)) and other programs generally available to U.S. employees of Teradata. Information about each program will be provided in future communications.
 By signing this letter, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a twelve (12) month period after termination of employment for any reason (the "Restricted Period"), you will not yourself or through others, without the prior written consent of the Teradata Board of Directors, (1) render services directly or indirectly to any "Competing Organization" (as defined in this paragraph) involving the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (2) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata, its subsidiaries or affiliates; or (3) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment, including customers of Teradata. For purposes of this letter, "Competing Organization" means any organization identified by Teradata's CEO each year for purposes of non-competition provisions in Teradata benefit plans that refer to "Competing Organizations," as well as any subsidiaries or affiliates of such companies, even if such subsidiaries or affiliates become stand-alone companies as a result of a spin-off,
Non-Competition
IPO or similar restructuring transaction. The current list of Competing Organizations is set forth in Attachment A to this letter.
 You agree that during the term of your employment with Teradata and thereafter, you will not, except as you deem necessary in good faith to perform your duties hereunder for the benefit of Teradata or as required by applicable law, disclose to others or use, whether directly or indirectly, any "Confidential Information" regarding Teradata. "Confidential Information" shall mean information about Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective clients and customers that is not available to the general public or generally known in the industry and that was learned by you in the course of your employment by Teradata, including (without limitation) (i) any proprietary knowledge, trade secrets, ideas, processes, formulas, sequences, developments, designs, assays and techniques, data, formulae, and client and customer lists and all papers, resumes, records (including computer records); (ii) information regarding plans for research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, suppliers and customers; (iii) information regarding the skills and compensation of other employees of Teradata, its subsidiaries and affiliates; and (iv) the documents containing such Confidential Information; provided, however, that any provision in any grant or agreement that limits disclosure shall not apply to the extent such information is publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You acknowledge that such Confidential Information is specialized, unique in nature and of great value to Teradata, and that such information gives Teradata a competitive advantage. Upon the termination of your employment for any reason whatsoever, you shall promptly deliver to Teradata all documents, slides, computer tapes, disks and other media (and all copies thereof) containing any Confidential Information.
Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure
 You acknowledge and agree that the time, territory and scope of the post-employment restrictive covenants in this letter (the non-competition, non-solicitation, non-hire, confidentiality and non-disclosure covenants are hereby collectively referred to as the "Restrictive Covenants") are reasonable and necessary for the protection of Teradata's legitimate business interests, and you agree not to challenge the reasonableness of such restrictions. You acknowledge that you have had a full and fair opportunity to be represented by counsel in this matter and to consider these restrictions prior to your execution of this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that you have received sufficient and valuable consideration in exchange for your agreement to the Restrictive Covenants, including but not limited to your salary, equity awards and benefits under this letter, and all other consideration provided to you under this letter. You further acknowledge and agree that if you breach the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and may not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of any of the Restrictive Covenants, Teradata may, in addition to its other remedies, bring an action or actions for injunction, specific performance, or both, and have entered a temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, or order compelling specific performance.
Breach of Restrictive Covenants
 Any controversy or claim related in any way to this letter or your employment with Teradata (including, but not limited to, any claim of fraud or
Arbitration
misrepresentation or any claim with regard to your participation in a Change In Control Severance Plan, if applicable), shall be resolved by arbitration on a de novo standard pursuant to this paragraph and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall be held in Dayton, Ohio, before an arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable of employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages. Issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio. Each party shall bear its own attorneys' fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association; provided, however, that if you are the prevailing party, you shall be entitled to reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses incurred in connection with the dispute. If any portion of this paragraph is held to be unenforceable, it shall be severed and shall not affect either the duty to arbitrate or any other part of this paragraph.
The Company agrees to cooperate with you to amend this letter to the extent you deem necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (and any Department of Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder), but only to the extent such amendment would not have a more than de minimus adverse effect on the Company.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter, the Company may withhold from any amounts payable hereunder, or any other benefits received pursuant hereto, such minimum federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.
This letter reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment. Accordingly, it supersedes and completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this subject, including all prior agreements on compensation or bonuses (it being understood that this letter will not supersede but will be in addition to any restrictive covenants to which you may otherwise be subject). This letter is not an employment contract, and should not be construed or interpreted as containing any guarantee of continued employment or employment for a specific term. The employment relationship at Teradata is by mutual consent (employment-at-will), and the Company or you may discontinue your employment with or without cause at any time and for any reason or no reason.
Bruce, I am excited about the contributions, experience and knowledge you can bring to Teradata. I look forward to you joining my leadership team as we build Teradata's future success.
DatAllegro
Dell Inc.
Fujitsu
Greenplum Network
Hitachi, Ltd.
HP
IBM
Microsoft
Netezza
Oracle Corporation
SAP
SAS
Satyam Computer Services Ltd.
Sun Microsystems
The Tata Group
Unica Corporation (CRM app)
Wipro Technologies

Exhibit 10.5
December 22, 2008
Robert Fair
Teradata Corporation
Dear Bob:
This letter amends the letter agreement between you and Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") dated September 20, 2007 (the "Agreement") and shall be effective as of December 31, 2008. As we have discussed, the amendment set forth below is necessary in order for the Agreement to comply with the new tax rules imposed under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
 
"at any time from the Start Date through your remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Start Date). To the extent that the reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses is considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the reimbursement must be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which, you are declared the prevailing party. The amount of such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and your right to have Teradata pay such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit."
 
Please indicate your acceptance of the amendment to the Agreement by signing below and returning a copy to me.
 

Exhibit 10.6
December 22, 2008
Daniel Harrington
Teradata Corporation
Dear Dan:
This letter amends the letter agreement between you and Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") dated September 20, 2007 (the "Agreement") and shall be effective as of December 31, 2008. As we have discussed, the amendment set forth below is necessary in order for the Agreement to comply with the new tax rules imposed under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
 
"at any time from the Start Date through your remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Start Date). To the extent that the reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses is considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the reimbursement must be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which, you are declared the prevailing party. The amount of such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and your right to have Teradata pay such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit."
 
Please indicate your acceptance of the amendment to the Agreement by signing below and returning a copy to me.
 

Exhibit 10.7
December 22, 2008
Bruce Langos
Teradata Corporation
Dear Bruce:
This letter amends the letter agreement between you and Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") dated September 20, 2007 (the "Agreement") and shall be effective as of December 31, 2008. As we have discussed, the amendment set forth below is necessary in order for the Agreement to comply with the new tax rules imposed under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
 
"at any time from the Start Date through your remaining lifetime (or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Start Date). To the extent that the reimbursement for reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses is considered "deferred compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the reimbursement must be paid as soon as reasonably practicable after, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which, you are declared the prevailing party. The amount of such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses that Teradata is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and your right to have Teradata pay such attorneys' fees and expenses and arbitration expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit."
 
Please indicate your acceptance of the amendment to the Agreement by signing below and returning a copy to me.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090212080605.txt.gz
TIME:20090212080605
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 12, 2009, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter 2008 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on February 12, 2009
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of, $493 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, an increase of 6 percent from $466 million in 2007.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
The fourth quarter revenue comparison included 3 percentage points of negative impact from currency fluctuations.
(2)
For the full year 2008, revenue was $1.762 billion, a 4 percent increase from $1.702 billion in 2007. The full-year revenue comparison was aided by 2 percentage points from currency fluctuations.
(2)
Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 54.6 percent versus 56.0 percent in the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was lower due to an adverse mix of revenue and the negative impact from currency translation. Gross margin for full year 2008 was 53.9 percent, slightly better than 53.8 percent in 2007.
Teradata reported fourth-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $79 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $79 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2007. Included in the 2007 fourth quarter results were $2 million of pre-tax expenses related to Teradata's spin off from NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) that occurred on October 1, 2007, and a $6 million one-time tax benefit related to the utilization of certain tax attributes associated with foreign-sourced
 
income. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings was $0.40 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2007.
(1)
For the full year 2008, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $250 million, or $1.39 per diluted share which included $3 million ($2 million after-tax) of impairment charges to write down the value of a historical equity investment and a $3 million charge to reflect an adjustment to tax expense based on the Company's 2007 US federal tax return as filed. In 2007, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $200 million, or $1.10 per diluted share which included $17 million of pre-tax expenses related to Teradata's spin off from NCR and $9 million of net unfavorable tax adjustments. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings for full-year 2008 was $1.42 per diluted share, compared to $1.24 per diluted share in 2007.
(1)
"Teradata finished the year with a strong fourth quarter and, overall, had a successful and very productive first year as an independent company," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "In 2008, we extended our technology lead, launched a new innovative family of purpose-built data warehouse appliances and added sales territories to broaden our market coverage.
"Looking forward, we remain confident in our technology, our competitive position in the market, and the value we provide to customers. Our solutions help customers make better strategic and operational decisions to gain competitive advantage, manage risk, and reduce cost, which are priorities in this uncertain economic environment.
"Teradata has a strong financial position, including attractive cash flow generation and no debt. We are well positioned to continue leading the data warehousing and enterprise analytics market for years to come."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $285 million of revenue in its Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2008, up 13 percent from $253 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Currency translation negatively impacted revenue growth by 1 percentage point in the fourth quarter.
(2)
For the full year, revenue in the Americas region increased 2 percent to $984 million. The full-year revenue comparison was not significantly impacted by currency translation.
 
 
Gross margin in the Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2008 was 57.2 percent, compared to 60.1 percent in the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross margin in the quarter was lower due to an unfavorable revenue mix. Gross margin in the Americas region for full year 2008 was 56.6 percent, compared to 57.5 percent in 2007. For the year, gross margin in the Americas was lower due to an unfavorable revenue mix.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2008 was $114 million, down 7 percent from $122 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2007. Currency translation negatively impacted revenue growth in the EMEA region by 9 percentage points.
(2)
For the full year 2008, revenue in the EMEA region increased 6 percent to $451 million. The full-year revenue comparison included 3 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
(2)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2008 was 51.8 percent, versus 50.0 percent in the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross margin in EMEA improved in the fourth quarter of 2008 due to a favorable mix of transactions and higher maintenance revenue, which more than offset the negative impact of foreign currency translation on product cost. Gross margin of 51.9 percent for full year 2008 compared favorably to 48.3 percent in 2007, primarily as a result of higher product gross margin due to favorable revenue mix and currency translation.
Teradata generated $94 million of revenue in its APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2008, a 3 percent increase from the $91 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Revenue growth in the APJ region was benefited by 2 percentage points from currency translation.
(2)
For the full year 2008, revenue in the APJ region increased 4 percent to $327 million. Currency translation provided 6 percentage points of benefit in the full-year revenue comparison.
(2)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2008 was 50.0 percent, compared to 52.7 percent in the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross margin declined in the quarter due to lower product revenue as well as lower service margin. Gross margin in the APJ region for full year 2008 declined to 48.3 percent from 50.0 percent in 2007 due to lower product revenue.
 
 
Fourth-quarter operating income of $102 million improved from $96 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2007. During the fourth quarter of 2007, Teradata incurred $2 million of spin-off related items. Excluding the spin-off related items, operating income was $98 million in the fourth quarter of 2007.
(
1)
Full-year operating income was $333 million in 2008, versus $320 million in 2007. The 2007 results included $17 million of non-recurring spin-off related costs. On a comparable non-GAAP basis, operating income in 2008 was $333 million compared to $337 million in 2007, excluding the $17 million of spin-off costs.
(
1)
However, included in the 2008 results were recurring incremental costs associated with Teradata becoming an independent, publicly-traded company as well as increased investments in sales territories/resources to enhance the company's future revenue growth potential.
Other Items
During the fourth quarter of 2008, the company recorded $1 million of "Other Income," down from $2 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 as interest income in the current lower interest rate environment was offset by other expense. Other income for the full year was $5 million, largely from interest income earned on Teradata's cash balance which increased since its spin off from NCR on September 30, 2007. Teradata had $2 million of other income in 2007, largely from interest income in the fourth quarter of 2007.
The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2008 was 23.3 percent, which compared to a 19.4 percent tax rate in the prior year period. Included in the fourth quarter 2008 income tax provision was a tax benefit related to the retroactive reinstatement of the US Research Tax Credit. The effective income tax rate for the full year in 2008 was 26.0 percent, down from Teradata's 2007 tax rate of 37.9 percent. The 2007 tax rate included the impact of a tax adjustment in the second quarter when Teradata was part of NCR, a charge recognized in the third quarter related to a tax rate change in Germany and a one-time tax benefit in the fourth quarter.
 
 
During the fourth quarter of 2008, Teradata generated $118 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $98 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of $13 million compared to $31 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Teradata generated $105 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
1
)
in the fourth quarter of 2008, versus generating $67 million in the same period in 2007.
Full-year cash from operating activities was $440 million, a $53 million increase from the $387 million generated in 2007. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year was $369 million, compared to $292 million generated in 2007.
(
1
)
 
Teradata ended 2008 with $442 million in cash and short term investments, a $64 million increase from September 30, 2008. Free cash flow generated in the fourth quarter of 2008 exceeded the $39 million of cash used during the quarter to repurchase approximately 2.9 million
 
 
shares. During the full year 2008, the company repurchased approximately 8.5 million shares for approximately $176 million.
Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2008.
Due to the continued uncertainty surrounding the global economic environment and its potential impact on Teradata's current and potential customers, the company will not provide specific revenue or earnings guidance for 2009 at this time. Despite this limited visibility, the company is providing the following information regarding its expected 2009 results: In addition to the headwind created by the economic environment, Teradata expects approximately 4 percentage points of negative impact from currency translation on its reported revenue and a corresponding currency impact on operating income, based on currency rates as of February 9, 2009. Teradata expects its Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) expense to be flat to down from 2008 while absorbing the incremental expense associated with the company's initiative to increase the number of sales territories. Research and development (R&D) expense is expected to increase from the R&D expense incurred in 2008 to a level less than the R&D expense reported in 2007. Teradata expects its effective tax rate in 2009 to be 26 to 27 percent.
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2008 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's Web site.
About Teradata Corporation
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing, consulting services and enterprise analytics. Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
 
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; changes in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations following our separation from NCR; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally
 
 
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090501172012.txt.gz
TIME:20090501172012
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) At its meeting on April 27, 2009, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") made the following adjustments to the performance-based restricted stock unit awards for the October 1, 2007 to December 31, 2009 performance period (the "PBRSU Awards"): (i) the Committee increased the cumulative net operating profit ("CNOP") target performance level for these awards by $44.4 million; and (ii) when determining achievement of performance against objectives under the PBRSU Awards, the Committee agreed that a positive adjustment of $44.4 million be applied to the actual CNOP results for the performance period. The Committee approved these adjustments to account for the Company's actual over-performance of its CNOP goals during the first three quarters of 2007 while it was a division of NCR Corporation ("NCR"). The PBRSU Awards were granted to a number of Teradata's management at the time of the spin off from NCR, including the following named executive officers of the Company: Michael Koehler, Robert Fair, Daniel Harrington, and Bruce Langos. The awards were granted by Teradata to these officers in substitution for similar awards that were originally granted by NCR on March 1, 2007, for the performance period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2009.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090507080128.txt.gz
TIME:20090507080128
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 7, 2009, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2009 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
On May 7, 2009, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors of the Company authorized an additional $300 million increase to the Company's existing general share repurchase program and extended the program for an additional two-year period ending February 12, 2012. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on May 7, 2009
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $367 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, a decrease of 2 percent from $375 million in the first quarter of 2008. Revenue increased 5 percent from the first quarter of 2008, when adjusting for 7 percentage points of negative impact from currency fluctuation.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
(
1
)
Gross margin in the first quarter was 54.5 percent versus 51.7 percent in the first quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the first quarter increased 280 basis points, with both product and services gross margins improving from the prior year period.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were down $6 million or 5 percent, from the first quarter of 2008, while research and development expenses increased $5 million, or 20 percent from the prior year period.
Teradata reported first-quarter net income of $45 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, which compared to net income of $42 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2008.
"With constant currency revenue growth, meaningful margin improvement, and a 13% increase in operating income in the first quarter, Teradata is off to a good start for 2009," said
 
 
Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "I am pleased with our performance in both generating revenue and managing costs in this difficult economy.
"Customers continue to value and invest in Teradata, enabling them to make better strategic and operational decisions, while reducing costs and managing risk.
"Our number one priority is to drive more innovation to extend our leadership position in data warehousing. The strength of our business model and our disciplined approach to managing our solid financial position is allowing us to invest in our future and increase shareholder value."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $205 million of revenue in its Americas region in the first quarter of 2009, down 2 percent from $210 million in the first quarter of 2008. Revenue increased 1 percent, when adjusting for 3 percentage points of negative impact from currency translation.
(
1
)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the quarter was 57.1 percent, compared to 54.3 percent in the first quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the quarter was higher due to improved service margins.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the first quarter of 2009 was $97 million, down 6 percent from $103 million generated in the first quarter of 2008. Revenue increased 12 percent, when adjusting for currency translation, which negatively impacted revenue growth in the EMEA region by 18 percentage points.
(
1
)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the quarter was 54.6 percent, versus 50.5 percent in the first quarter of 2008. Gross margin in EMEA improved in the first quarter of 2009 driven equally by higher product and service margins.
Teradata generated $65 million of revenue in its APJ region in the quarter, a 5 percent increase from $62 million in the first quarter of 2008. Revenue growth in the APJ region was 9 percent, when adjusted for 4 percentage points of negative impact from currency translation.
(
1
)
 
 
Gross margin in the APJ region in the quarter was 46.2 percent, compared to 45.2 percent in the first quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the APJ region improved in the quarter due to the increased proportion of product revenues as compared to services revenues.
Operating Income
First-quarter operating income of $60 million improved from $53 million reported in the first quarter of 2008, despite higher research and development expense, and incremental investment in new sales territories. Currency translation as well as lower discretionary expense, from items such as travel and the cancellation of the company's annual sales incentive and kick-off meetings, contributed to the favorable results.
Other Items
"Other Income" declined $3 million from the first quarter of 2008. Interest income was negatively impacted by the current lower interest rate environment, despite Teradata having a $232 million higher cash and short-term investment balance than at the end of the first quarter of 2008.
The effective income tax rate in the first quarter of 2009 was 25.0 percent, the same as in the prior year period.
Cash Flow
During the first quarter of 2009, Teradata generated $165 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $143 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures in the first quarter of 2009 and 2008 were $20 million. Teradata generated $145 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
2
)
in the first quarter of 2009, versus generating $123 million in the same period in 2008.
 
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the first quarter of 2009 with $571 million in cash and short term investments, a $129 million increase from December 31, 2008. The company used approximately $20 million of cash to repurchase approximately 1.3 million shares during the first quarter of 2009. As announced in a separate press release today, Teradata's Board of Directors authorized an additional $300 million to purchase shares under the Company's general open market share repurchase program. At the time of this extension, there was approximately $65 million remaining of the initial $250 million authorization.
Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of March 31, 2009.
 
 
2009 First-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's first-quarter 2009 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's Web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's Web site.
About Teradata
(NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through , , and . Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the web at .
Teradata Corporation
TDC
data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting services
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
For Release on May 7, 2009
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a $300 million increase to its general open market share repurchase program. The program, established in February 2008, has also been extended for an additional two-year period expiring in February 2012. As of May 6, 2009, the Company had purchased about 9 million shares of its common stock, spending approximately $185 million of the original $250 million authorized under this program. The Company also has an ongoing anti-dilution offset repurchase program under which it repurchases common stock with cash received from employee stock purchases and option exercises under the Company's stock plans.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
"This additional $300 million stock repurchase authorization reflects our continued confidence in Teradata's ability to generate attractive cash from operations well in excess of our capital needs to invest in the future growth of our business and strategic opportunities," said Steve Scheppmann, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Teradata. "Teradata's strong financial position, with no debt and increasing cash from operations, affords us the opportunity to drive incremental shareholder returns through share-repurchase activity."
The stock will be repurchased periodically on an ongoing basis in open market transactions at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases.
 
 
About Teradata
(NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through , , and . Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the web at .
Teradata Corporation
TDC
data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting services
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090803150644.txt.gz
TIME:20090803150644
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 28, 2009, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the election of Nancy E. Cooper ("Ms. Cooper") as a member of the Board, effective as of August 1, 2009 (the "Effective Date"). Teradata expanded the size of the Board from eight to nine to accommodate the addition of Ms. Cooper. Ms. Cooper will serve as a Class I director, until the 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until such time as her successor is duly elected and qualified or as otherwise provided in Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Ms. Cooper is an independent director, and there are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Cooper and any other person pursuant to which Ms. Cooper was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving Ms. Cooper that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
As of the Effective Date, Ms. Cooper will participate in certain non-employee director compensation arrangements under the Teradata Corporation Director Compensation Program (the "Program"), a copy of which may be found at Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2008, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of Teradata. Under the terms of the Program, Ms. Cooper will receive an initial equity grant of restricted stock units corresponding to the number of whole shares of the common stock of Teradata ("Common Stock") determined by dividing the dollar amount of the initial equity grant ($75,000.00) by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan) of one share of Teradata Common Stock on the Effective Date. Ms. Cooper will also receive a mid-year equity award with a dollar value equal to $93,750.00, with such award consisting of (a) stock options to purchase whole shares of Common Stock with the number of options determined by applying the Option Formula (as defined below) to 50% of the dollar value of such award ($46,875.00) at an exercise price for each share subject to the option equal to the Fair Market Value of one such share on August 1, 2009, and (b) a number of restricted stock units of the Company's Common Stock, which number shall be determined by applying the RSU Formula (as defined below) to 50% of the dollar value of such award ($46,875.00).
The number of shares for each such stock option grant will be determined according to the formula (the "Option Formula") set forth in the Teradata Corporation Board of Directors Statement of Policy With Respect to Equity Award Approvals (the "Equity Approval Policy") as follows:
 
The number of shares for each such restricted stock unit award will be determined according to the formula (the "RSU Formula") set forth in the Equity Approval Policy as follows:
 
In addition, as of the Effective Date, Ms. Cooper will receive a prorated annual retainer in the amount of $75,000.00, with an additional retainer amount of $5,000.00 for serving as a member of the Audit Committee, each retainer to be paid on a quarterly basis and prorated for the portion of the 2009-2010 Board Year in which Ms. Cooper is a member of the Board or Audit Committee, as applicable. The "2009-2010 Board Year" is defined as the year beginning on the date of the Company's 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (April 28, 2009) and ending on the date of Teradata's 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
As of the Effective Date, the following membership changes were made to the committees of the Board:
 
 
 
Therefore, effective as of the Effective Date, the membership of the committees of the Board is as follows:
 
 
 
 
On July 28, 2009, Teradata issued a press release that announced the election of Ms. Cooper to the Board as of August 1, 2009, a copy of which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on July 28, 2009
 (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on and , today announced the election of technology company leader Nancy E. Cooper to its Board of Directors. She will join the board as a Class I director effective August 1, 2009.
MIAMISBURG, Ohio
Teradata Corporation
data warehousing
enterprise analytics
"Ms. Cooper brings extensive leadership experience in software companies where her financial expertise helped to drive and support innovation and growth," said James (Jim) Ringler, chairman, Teradata Corporation. "Her deep understanding of the technology industry and her financial management experience position her as a strong addition to the Teradata Board."
Cooper is executive vice president and chief financial officer of CA, Inc., one of the world's largest IT management software providers operating in 45 countries. Previously, she was chief financial officer of IMS Health, Inc., an information services company to the pharmaceutical industry. With some 30 years in technology and corporate finance, Cooper's earlier experience included serving as chief financial officer of both Reciprocal, Inc., a leading digital rights management and consulting firm, and Pitney Bowes Credit Corporation, an international credit company. In 1998, she served as a partner responsible for finance and administration at General Atlantic Partners, a private equity firm focused on software and services investments. Cooper began her career at IBM where she held increasingly important
 
 
roles that focused on technology strategy and financial management, including chief financial officer of the Global Industries Division, assistant corporate controller, and controller and treasurer of IBM Credit Corporation.
She holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and political science from Bucknell University and an MBA from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through , , and . Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the Web at .
TDC
data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting services
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20090806082257.txt.gz
TIME:20090806082257
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On August 6, 2009, the Company issued a press release setting forth its second quarter 2009 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on August 6, 2009
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $421 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, a decrease of 7 percent from $455 million in the second quarter of 2008.
DAYTON, Ohio
Revenue decreased 2 percent from the second quarter of 2008, when adjusted for 5 percentage points of negative impact from currency fluctuation.
(1)
Gross margin in the second quarter was 55.3 percent, versus 54.7 percent in the second quarter of 2008. Product gross margin declined due to lower volume and foreign currency translation, while service gross margin increased due to higher professional services margin, as Teradata effectively managed expenses while increasing the productivity of the company's professional services resources.
Selling, general and administrative expenses were down $10 million from the second quarter of 2008, while research and development expenses increased $2 million from the prior-year period.
Teradata reported second-quarter net income of $62 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, compared to net income of $69 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2008.
"Teradata delivered another good quarter, and for the first half of 2009, revenues were up 1 percent in constant currency, and earnings per share were the same as prior year. This was a solid start, considering the economic environment. These results also included increased investments in R&D, market coverage and strategic partnerships, which are key to our future. The entire organization executed well, delivering significant customer wins and expansions,
 
 
improving gross margins and managing costs," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"In the second quarter, we announced our expanded partnership with SAP and released Teradata 13, a very significant database release in terms of performance boost, new features and functionalities. In addition, we released data warehouse firsts such as storage virtualization and automated multi-temperature data management.
"We continue to advance our technology lead in data warehousing across all of our platforms. We have a strong business model, and we are focused on bringing value to our customers today and for years to come."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $229 million of revenue in its Americas region in the second quarter of 2009, down 3 percent from $236 million in the second quarter of 2008. Revenue declined 1 percent, when adjusted for 2 percentage points of negative impact from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the quarter was 58.1 percent, compared to 57.6 percent in the second quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the quarter was higher due to improved professional services gross margin, which benefited from higher utilization rates, lower outside contractor expense and overall cost management.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the second quarter of 2009 was $118 million, down 8 percent from $128 million generated in the second quarter of 2008. Revenue increased 6 percent when adjusted for currency translation, which negatively impacted the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 14 percentage points.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region was 54.2 percent, versus 53.1 percent in the second quarter of 2008. Gross margin in EMEA improved in the second quarter of 2009 due to improved professional services margin, which offset the effects of foreign currency translation and an adverse mix of hardware content and third-party products.
 
 
Teradata generated $74 million of revenue in its APJ region in the quarter, a 19 percent decrease from $91 million in the second quarter of 2008. The revenue decline in the APJ region was 17 percent, when adjusted for 2 percentage points of negative impact from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the quarter was 48.6 percent, compared to 49.5 percent in the second quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the APJ region was lower due to the impact of lower product volume and the resulting adverse mix of product versus services revenues, which was somewhat offset by improved professional services margin.
Operating Income
Second-quarter operating income of $84 million was down from $92 million reported in the second quarter of 2008, as gross margin improvement, lower selling, general and administrative expense and the impact of currency translation were offset by lower revenue and volume, higher research and development expense and incremental investment in new sales territories.
Other Items
"Other Income" declined $2 million from the second quarter of 2008 as interest income was offset by normal recurring fees associated with the company's operational financing activities. The lower interest rate environment negatively impacted interest income, despite Teradata having $271 million more in cash and short-term investments than at the end of the second quarter of 2008.
The effective income tax rate in the second quarter of 2009 was 26.2 percent, versus 26.6 percent in the prior-year period.
Cash Flow
During the second quarter of 2009, Teradata generated $103 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $85 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the second quarter of 2009 were $20 million, compared to $23 million in the second quarter of 2008. Teradata generated $83 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures
 
 
and additions to capitalized software)
(2)
in the second quarter of 2009, versus generating $62 million in the same period in 2008.
During the first six months of 2009, Teradata generated $268 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $228 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first half of 2009 were $40 million, compared to $43 million in the same period in 2008. During the first two quarters of 2009, Teradata generated $228 million of free cash flow, versus $185 million in the same period in 2008.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the second quarter of 2009 with $638 million in cash, a $67 million increase from March 31, 2009. In addition, the company used approximately $30 million of cash to repurchase approximately 1.4 million shares during the second quarter of 2009. During the first six months of 2009, the company used approximately $50 million to repurchase approximately 2.7 million shares.
Guidance
Although the global economic environment continues to impact capital expenditures by companies, and limits visibility into demand for the foreseeable future, Teradata expects earnings
 
 
per share to be in the $1.22 to $1.28 range for the full year 2009. For the full year, the company continues to expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be flat to down from 2008. Within this previously discussed expectation, the company expects higher selling expense, as well as higher research and development expense and amortization of capitalized software in the second half of the year, compared to these items in the first half of the year.
2009 Second-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EDT) to discuss the company's second-quarter 2009 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
(NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through , , and . Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the web at .
Teradata Corporation
TDC
data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting services
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20091105080710.txt.gz
TIME:20091105080710
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On November 5, 2009, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2009 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on November 5, 2009
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $425 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, a 3 percent decrease from $439 million in the third quarter of 2008. Revenue decreased 2 percent from the third quarter of 2008, when adjusted for 1 percentage point of negative impact from currency fluctuation.
ATLANTA
(
1
)
Gross margin in the third quarter was 53.4 percent, versus 54.0 percent in the third quarter of 2008. Product gross margin was 62.3 percent, versus 64.3 percent during the third quarter of 2008. As expected, amortization of software development costs was higher versus the prior-year quarter. Services gross margin improved 200 basis points to 46.2 percent due to higher professional services margin, as Teradata continues to effectively manage expenses while increasing the productivity of the company's professional services resources.
Teradata reported third-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $63 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, compared to net income of $60 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2008.
Included in Teradata's 2009 third quarter results was a $5 million impairment charge ($0.02 per share) to write down the value of a historical equity investment. Excluding this item, non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.38 in the third quarter 2009.
(
2
)
Included in Teradata's 2008 third quarter results was a $3 million impairment charge ($0.01 per share) to write down the value of a historical equity investment and a $3 million increase in the income tax provision ($0.02 per share) related to Teradata's estimated 2007 federal income tax accrual when
 
 
compared to the filing of its 2007 federal income tax return in the third quarter of 2008. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.36 in the third quarter of 2008.
(
2
)
"We are pleased to report another solid quarter for Teradata, with net income and earnings per share increasing over the prior year period. Growth in our EMEA region and our professional services business along with good operational execution were key elements driving our results in the quarter," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "As a result, we are increasing our earnings guidance for full year 2009 to $1.32 - $1.36 per share, or $1.34 - $1.38 on a non-GAAP basis.
(2)
"With continued focus on extending our technology and services leadership, we remain committed to providing our customers with the analytics and agility to cut through the complexities of their businesses and help them drive better results.
"Ongoing investments in technology, partnerships and people, along with the discipline and dedication of our Teradata team, should position Teradata well to lead the enterprise data warehousing market going forward."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $247 million of revenue in its Americas region in the third quarter of 2009, down 2 percent from $253 million in the third quarter of 2008. Currency translation did not have a meaningful impact on the third quarter year-over-year revenue comparison for the Americas region.
(
1
)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the quarter was 55.9 percent, compared to 56.9 percent in the third quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the quarter was lower due to the decline in product revenue from the prior year period and a higher amount of services revenue. And, as expected, product gross margin was lower in the quarter due to increased amortization of software development costs.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the third quarter of 2009 was $109 million, up 3 percent from $106 million generated in the third quarter of 2008. Revenue increased 9 percent
 
 
when adjusted for currency translation, which negatively impacted the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 6 percentage points.
(
1
)
Gross margin in the EMEA region was 53.2 percent, versus 51.9 percent in the third quarter of 2008. Gross margin in EMEA improved in the third quarter of 2009 due to higher product revenue and improved professional services margin, more than offsetting the increased amortization of capitalized software development costs.
Teradata generated $69 million of revenue in its APJ region in the quarter, a 14 percent decrease from $80 million in the third quarter of 2008. The revenue decline in the APJ region was 17 percent when adjusted for 3 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
(
1
)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the quarter was 44.9 percent, compared to 47.5 percent in the third quarter of 2008. The decrease in gross margin was driven primarily by the impact of lower product revenue volume, the under-absorption of overhead costs and higher amortization of capitalized software development costs as compared to the prior-year period.
Operating Income
Third-quarter operating income of $88 million was up from $86 million reported in the third quarter of 2008, as service gross margin improvement and lower selling, general and administrative expense more than offset the company's incremental investment in new sales territories and the impact of currency translation.
Other Items
"Other Income (Expense)" was $4 million of expense in the third quarter of 2009, compared to $1 million of expense in the third quarter of 2008. The expense in both periods was driven by impairment charges taken in the quarter related to previous equity investments. Interest income in the third quarter of 2009 was significantly lower than in the third quarter of 2008, due to the lower interest rate environment. Excluding the impairment charges for the historical equity investments, Other Income would have been $1 million in the third quarter of 2009 and $2 million in the third quarter of 2008.
(2)
 
 
Cash Flow
During the third quarter of 2009, Teradata generated $96 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $94 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the third quarter of 2009 were $21 million, compared to $15 million in the third quarter of 2008. Teradata generated $75 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
3
)
in the third quarter of 2009, versus generating $79 million in the same period in 2008.
During the first nine months of 2009, Teradata generated $364 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $322 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2009 were $61 million, compared to $58 million in the same period in 2008. During the first three quarters of 2009, Teradata generated $303 million of free cash flow, versus $264 million in the same period in 2008.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the third quarter of 2009 with $704 million in cash, a $66 million increase from June 30, 2009. In addition, the company used approximately $21 million of cash to repurchase approximately 830,000 shares during the third quarter of 2009. During the first nine
 
 
months of 2009, the company used approximately $71 million to repurchase approximately 3.5 million shares. Teradata had no debt outstanding as of September 30, 2009.
2009 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its expectation for 2009 full-year GAAP earnings to $1.32 - $1.36 per share, from its previous earnings guidance range of $1.22 - $1.28 per share. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the impairment charge ($0.02 per share) related to a prior equity investment, Teradata expects 2009 earnings per share in the $1.34 - $1.38 range.
(
2)
Although Teradata continues to expect that selling, general and administrative expenses for the full-year will be down from 2008, selling expense, research and development expense, as well as, amortization of capitalized software costs are expected to be higher in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to these items in the prior quarters of 2009. The company continues to expect revenue to be down 1 to 3 percent in constant currency for the full year.
 
2009 Third-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's third-quarter 2009 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor page of Teradata's web site.
 
 
About Teradata
(NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence through , , and . Teradata is in more than 60 countries and on the web at .
Teradata Corporation
TDC
data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting services
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
Teradata's management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the
 
 
underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results. The following table reconciles Teradata's earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP in the third quarter of 2009 and 2008, as well as the company's full-year 2009 guidance, to the non-GAAP measures, which excludes certain items.
 
Teradata's management also looks at the company's operating results (excluding certain items) to assess financial performance. The company believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide a more complete understanding of Teradata's underlying operational performance, as well as consistency and comparability with past reports. The following table reconciles Teradata's Other Income (Expense) under GAAP in the third quarter of 2009 and 2008 to the company's results during the period excluding certain items.
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data enterprise warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20091222152622.txt.gz
TIME:20091222152622
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
On December 19, 2009, Peter L. Fiore, a member of the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata"), died at his home in Massachusetts, at the age of 52. Mr. Fiore served as a director since July 2008 and also served as a member of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board (the "Compensation Committee").
Because of these unfortunate circumstances, the size of Teradata's Board is being reduced from nine to eight, and the size of Class II of the Board will be reduced to consist of two directorships. The Board is also temporarily waiving the requirement under the Compensation Committee's Charter to have three directors on that committee, and will reconsider Board committee assignments at its next regularly scheduled meeting in February 2010.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20100211074012.txt.gz
TIME:20100211074012
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 11, 2010, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter and full-year 2009 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on February 11, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $496 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2009, an increase of 1 percent from $493 million in 2008.
ATLANTA
The fourth quarter revenue comparison included 4 percentage points of benefit from currency fluctuations.
(
2) 
For the full year 2009, revenue was $1.709 billion, a 3 percent decrease from $1.762 billion in 2008. The full-year revenue comparison included 2 percentage points of negative currency impact.
(2)
Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 56.0 percent versus 54.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008. The gross margin improvement was driven by the Americas region, which saw a more favorable deal mix as compared to the prior-year period. Gross margin for full year 2009 was 54.9 percent, up a full point from 53.9 percent in 2008. The increase in gross margin for the full year was driven primarily by improvements in consulting services, which benefited from increased utilization of internal consulting resources, along with a continued focus on operational efficiencies and leverage.
Teradata reported fourth-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $84 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net
 
 
income of $79 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2008. For the full year 2009, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $254 million, or $1.46 per diluted share which included $5 million ($3 million after-tax) of impairment charges to write down the value of a historical equity investment. In 2008, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $250 million, or $1.39 per diluted share, which included $3 million ($2 million after-tax) of impairment charges to write down the value of a historical equity investment and a $3 million charge to reflect an adjustment to tax expense based on the Company's 2007 US federal tax return. Excluding these items, non-GAAP earnings for full-year 2009 was $1.48 per diluted share, compared to $1.42 per diluted share in 2008.
(1)
"Teradata finished 2009 with record operating income and EPS in both the fourth quarter and for the year," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"I'm very proud of the Teradata team's strong execution, which enabled us to better serve and provide value to our customers, while generating solid results for our shareholders. We continued to increase investments in our business during 2009 and, as a result, have positioned ourselves stronger as we enter 2010.
"Looking forward, we will continue to increase investments to extend our technology lead, expand our market coverage, and strengthen our partnerships. We remain passionate about helping customers achieve the intelligence and agility needed to drive value for their companies and gain competitive advantage. We are the acknowledged leader of the data warehousing market and we will keep working hard to extend this leadership position."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $300 million of revenue in its Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2009, up 5 percent from $285 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the Americas by 1 percentage point in the fourth quarter.
(
2)
 For the full year, revenue in the Americas region was $981 million in 2009 compared to $984 million in 2008. The full-year revenue comparison in the Americas was not significantly affected by currency translation.
 
 
Gross margin in the Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 60.7 percent, compared to 57.2 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross margin in the quarter was higher due to the impact of a favorable deal mix on product gross margin and improvements in consulting services margin as compared to the prior year. Gross margin in the Americas region for full year 2009 was 58.1 percent, compared to 56.6 percent in 2008. For the year, gross margin in the Americas was higher due to improved consulting and product margins.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2009 was $106 million, down 7 percent from $114 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2008. Currency translation benefited the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 7 percentage points.
(
2)
 For the full year 2009, revenue in the EMEA region decreased 5 percent to $430 million. However, the full-year revenue comparison was negatively impacted by 7 percentage points from currency translation.
(
2)
 
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 51.9 percent compared to 51.8 percent reported in the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross margin of 53.5 percent for full year 2009 compared favorably to 51.9 percent in 2008, driven by improved consulting margins.
Teradata generated $90 million of revenue in its APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2009, a 4 percent decrease from $94 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 5 percentage points from currency translation.
(
2)
 
For the full year 2009, revenue in the APJ region declined 9 percent to $298 million. Currency translation provided 1 percentage point of benefit in the full-year revenue comparison.
(
2)
 
Gross margin in the APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 45.6 percent, compared to 50.0 percent in the fourth quarter of 2008. Gross margin declined in the quarter due to lower service margins and the impact of lower product revenue volume compared to the prior year period. Gross margin in the APJ region for full year 2009 declined to 46.3 percent from 48.3 percent in 2008, due primarily to the impact of lower product revenue.
 
 
Operating Income
Fourth-quarter operating income of $106 million improved from $102 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2008. In the quarter, favorable gross margin and higher revenue more than offset slightly higher selling, general and administrative expense and higher research and development expense. Full-year operating income was $338 million in 2009, versus $333 million in 2008. For the full year, higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expense more than offset the effect of lower revenue and higher research and development expense.
Other Items
Lower interest income, due to the current lower interest rate environment, was offset by other expense in the fourth quarter of 2009. "Other Expense" for the full year was $4 million, versus $5 million of "Other Income" in 2008. The year-over-year change was largely due to the lower interest rate environment. Teradata incurred similar write-downs of historical equity investments in both years.
The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2009 was 21 percent, which compared to a 23 percent tax rate in the prior year period. The effective income tax rate for the full year 2009 was 24 percent, versus the 2008 tax rate of 26 percent.
Cash Flow
During the fourth quarter of 2009, Teradata generated $91 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $118 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of $27 million compared to $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Teradata generated $64 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
3
)
 in the fourth quarter of 2009, versus generating $105 million in the same period in 2008.
For the full year, cash from operating activities was $455 million, versus $440 million generated in 2008. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year was $367 million, approximately the same as the $369 million generated in 2008.
(
3
)
 
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended 2009 with $661 million in cash and short-term investments, a $43 million decrease from September 30, 2009. Share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2009 exceeded the free cash flow generated in the same period.
During the fourth quarter, Teradata used approximately $103 million of cash to repurchase 3.4 million shares. During the full year 2009, the company repurchased 7 million shares for approximately $175 million. In 2008, the company repurchased 8.5 million shares for approximately $176 million.
Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2009.
2010 Outlook
In 2010, Teradata expects revenue to increase approximately 7 to 9 percent from the revenue it generated in 2009, including 1 to 2 percentage points of benefit from currency translation, based on currency rates on January 29, 2010. Earnings per share in 2010 is expected to be in the $1.54 to $1.64 range.
 
 
2009 Fourth-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , e, , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
nterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
The following table reconciles Teradata's earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP in the 2009 and 2008 periods to the company's non-GAAP EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the current global economic downturn and its impact on the markets in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20100429155137.txt.gz
TIME:20100429155137
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") was held on April 27, 2010. At the Annual Meeting, the holders of a total of 139,091,226 shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote were present in person or represented by proxy, constituting approximately 83.4% of the total shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders voted on two matters: a proposal to elect Edward P. Boykin, Cary T. Fu and Victor L. Lund as Class III directors, and a proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2010. The number of shares voted with respect to each matter required to be reported herein are as follows:
1. Election of Class III Directors for three-year terms expiring at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders and to hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified:
 
2. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for 2010.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20100506074448.txt.gz
TIME:20100506074448
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 6, 2010, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2010 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on May 6, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $429 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, an increase of 17 percent from $367 million in 2009.
ATLANTA
The first quarter revenue comparison included 5 percentage points of benefit from currency fluctuations.
(1)
Gross margin in the first quarter improved to 55.0 percent versus 54.5 percent in the first quarter of 2009, due to higher services gross margin and a more favorable mix of product versus service revenue.
Teradata reported first-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $67 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $45 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2009.
"Teradata started off strong in 2010, delivering record first quarter revenue and earnings for our shareholders," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "All regions grew product revenue by double digits in the quarter.
"As a result, we are raising our guidance for full-year 2010 revenue growth to 8-10 percent and earnings per share to $1.60 to $1.70.
 
"The Teradata team executed well in the first quarter, released new models for three members of our purpose-built platform family, launched new offers with key partners, grew our consulting business and increased operating margins," said Koehler.
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $252 million of revenue in its Americas region in the first quarter of 2010, up 23 percent from $205 million in the first quarter of 2009. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the Americas by 2 percentage points in the first quarter.
(1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the first quarter of 2010 improved to 57.9 percent, compared to 57.1 percent in the first quarter of 2009. Gross margin in the quarter improved largely due to higher consulting services margins compared to the prior year period.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the first quarter of 2010 was $106 million, up 9 percent from $97 million generated in the first quarter of 2009. Currency translation benefited the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 6 percentage points.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the first quarter of 2010 was 53.8 percent, down from 54.6 percent in the first quarter of 2009, due to the impact of lower product margins compared to the prior year period.
Teradata generated $71 million of revenue in its APJ region in the first quarter of 2010, a 9 percent increase from $65 million in the first quarter of 2009. The revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 10 percentage points from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the first quarter of 2010 was 46.5 percent, versus 46.2 percent in the first quarter of 2009.
Operating Income
First-quarter operating income of $86 million improved from $60 million reported in the first quarter of 2009, driven by higher revenue and a more favorable mix of product versus services revenue.
 
Other Items
Included in Teradata's quarterly results was $5 million of non-cash stock-based compensation expense, or approximately 2 cents of earnings per share, the same as in the prior year period.
The effective income tax rate in the first quarter of 2010 was 22 percent, which compared to a 25 percent tax rate in the prior year period. The first quarter tax rate benefited from the previously disclosed recognition of certain foreign net operating loss carry-forwards resulting from an audit settlement in the first quarter of 2010.
Because more of Teradata's profit for the year is now expected to be generated in the United States, the company's tax rate for full-year 2010 is now expected to increase to the 25.5 to 26.5 percent range.
Cash Flow
During the first quarter of 2010, Teradata generated $138 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $165 million in the prior year period. Capital expenditures in the first quarter of $21 million compared to $20 million in the first quarter of 2009. Teradata generated $117 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for property and equipment and additions to capitalized software)
(2)
 in the first quarter of 2010, versus generating $145 million in the same period in 2009. The primary driver of the change in free cash flow was a higher accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2008 versus December 31, 2009.
 
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the first quarter of 2010 with $712 million in cash and short-term investments, a $51 million increase from December 31, 2009, even though Teradata used approximately $70 million of cash to repurchase 2.4 million shares in the first quarter of 2010.
Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of March 31, 2010.
2010 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its expectation for full-year 2010 revenue growth to 8-10 percent from the revenue it generated in 2009, and currency is expected to have minimal benefit in the year over year comparison. Teradata's original revenue growth guidance of 7-9 percent for 2010 had included 1-2 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
Even though Teradata expects its full-year tax rate to be higher than originally anticipated, the company is increasing its earnings guidance for 2010 to $1.60 to $1.70 per share, from the original guidance range of $1.54 to $1.64 per share.
2010 First-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's first-quarter 2010 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site .
www.teradata.com/investor
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on
 
price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20100805072850.txt.gz
TIME:20100805072850
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On August 5, 2010, the Company issued a press release setting forth its second quarter 2010 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on August 5, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $470 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, an increase of 12 percent from $421 million in 2009.
ATLANTA
Overall, the company's second quarter year-over-year revenue comparison was not impacted by currency translation, when compared to the second quarter of 2009.
(2)
Gross margin in the second quarter was 57.0 percent versus 55.3 percent in the second quarter of 2009. Higher product gross margin and a more favorable mix of product revenue versus service revenue more than offset lower service gross margin in the quarter.
Teradata reported second-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $74 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $62 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2009. Excluding non-cash stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS was $0.46 in the second quarter of 2010, versus $0.38 in the second quarter of 2009.
(
1)
"Teradata turned in its best second quarter ever, with solid revenue and EPS growth. Operating income, operating margin and gross margin rate were at the highest levels of any quarter in Teradata's history," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
 
"First half revenue growth of 14 percent, product revenue growth of 24 percent, and the highest number of new customer wins in five years are evidence of our leadership in the marketplace. In addition, the investments we have been making in our platform family, partners and sales territories were key contributors to our growth," said Koehler. "Given our first half performance, we now expect our revenue and EPS to be at the high end of our previous guidance ranges."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $281 million of revenue in its Americas region in the second quarter of 2010, up 23 percent from $229 million in the second quarter of 2009. Currency translation benefited the year-over-year revenue comparison in the Americas by 1 percentage point in the second quarter.
(2)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the second quarter of 2010 improved to 60.9 percent, compared to 58.1 percent in the second quarter of 2009. Gross margin in the quarter improved largely due to higher product gross margin, as well as a higher mix of product revenue versus services revenue, compared to the prior-year period.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the second quarter of 2010 was $108 million, down 8 percent from $118 million generated in the second quarter of 2009. Currency translation negatively impacted the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 5 percentage points.
(2)
 
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the second quarter of 2010 was 52.8 percent, down from 54.2 percent in the second quarter of 2009, due to the impact of a lower proportion of product revenue (compared to services revenue), as well as lower services margins.
Teradata generated $81 million of revenue in its APJ region in the second quarter of 2010, a 9 percent increase from $74 million in the second quarter of 2009. The revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 6 percentage points from currency translation.
(
2)
 
Gross margin in the APJ region in the second quarter of 2010 was 49.4 percent, up from 48.6 percent in the second quarter of 2009. The increase was driven by higher product margins and a greater proportion of product revenue (compared to services revenue).
Operating Income
Second-quarter operating income of $106 million improved from $84 million reported in the second quarter of 2009. The increase in operating income was largely due to revenue growth, particularly product revenue, as well as improved product margins, offset by higher research and development and selling expenses.
Operating margin reported in the second quarter was 22.6 percent, versus 20.0 percent in the second quarter of 2009.
Other Items
The effective income tax rate in the second quarter of 2010 was 30 percent, which compared to a 26 percent tax rate in the prior-year period, driven by an overall proportional increase in U.S. pre-tax earnings.
Due to the expectation that a higher portion of Teradata's pre-tax income will be generated in the United States and the uncertainty surrounding the retroactive reinstatement in 2010 of the U.S. Federal Research & Development Tax Credit, we anticipate a potentially higher full-year effective tax rate for 2010 in the 2728% range.
Cash Flow
During the second quarter of 2010, Teradata generated $62 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $103 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the second quarter were $23 million compared to $20 million in the second quarter of 2009. Teradata generated $39 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for property and equipment and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the second quarter of 2010, versus generating $83 million in the same period in 2009. In comparison to the prior-year period, the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was principally due to expected lower collections of receivables.
During the first six months of 2010, Teradata generated $200 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $268 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first half of 2010 were $44 million, compared to $40 million in the same period in 2009.
 
        During the first two quarters of 2010, Teradata generated $156 million of free cash flow, versus $228 million in the same period in 2009.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the second quarter of 2010 with $724 million in cash and short-term investments, a $12 million increase from March 31, 2010. Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of June 30, 2010.
2010 Outlook
Teradata now expects full-year 2010 revenue growth to be at the "high-end" of its previous guidance range of 8 to 10 percent. Currency is not expected to materially impact the full-year, year-over-year revenue comparison.
Earnings per diluted share (EPS) is also expected at the "high-end" of the previous $1.60 to $1.70 guidance range. Excluding stock-based compensation expense for the year, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be at the "high-end" of the $1.69 to $1.79 range.
(
1)
2010 Second-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's second-quarter 2010 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
 
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site .
www.teradata.com/investor
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
The following table reconciles Teradata's actual and projected earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures:
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign
 
currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20100921141023.txt.gz
TIME:20100921141023
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
On September 20, 2010, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") approved the election of John G. Schwarz ("Mr. Schwarz") as a member of the Board, effective as of September 20, 2010 (the "Effective Date"). Teradata expanded the size of the Board from eight to nine to accommodate the addition of Mr. Schwarz. Mr. Schwarz will serve as a Class II director, until the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until such time as his successor is duly elected and qualified or as otherwise provided in Teradata's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Mr. Schwarz is an independent director, and there are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Schwarz and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Schwarz was selected as a director. There are no transactions involving Mr. Schwarz that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
As of the Effective Date, Mr. Schwarz will participate in certain non-employee director compensation arrangements under the Teradata Corporation Director Compensation Program (the "Program"), a copy of which may be found at Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2008, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of Teradata. Under the terms of the Program, Mr. Schwarz will receive an initial equity grant of restricted stock units corresponding to the number of whole shares of the common stock of Teradata ("Common Stock") determined by dividing the dollar amount of the initial equity grant ($75,000.00) by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan) of one share of Teradata Common Stock on the Effective Date. Mr. Schwarz will also receive a mid-year equity award with a dollar value equal to $105,000.00, with such award consisting of (a) stock options to purchase whole shares of Common Stock with the number of options determined by applying the Option Formula (as defined below) to 50% of the dollar value of such award ($52,500.00) at an exercise price for each share subject to the option equal to the Fair Market Value of one such share on the Effective Date, and (b) a number of restricted stock units of the Company's Common Stock, which number shall be determined by applying the RSU Formula (as defined below) to 50% of the dollar value of such award ($52,500.00).
The number of shares for each such stock option grant will be determined according to the formula (the "Option Formula") set forth in the Teradata Corporation Board of Directors Statement of Policy With Respect to Equity Award Approvals (the "Equity Approval Policy") as follows:
 
The number of shares for each such restricted stock unit award will be determined according to the formula (the "RSU Formula") set forth in the Equity Approval Policy as follows:
 
In addition, as of the Effective Date, Mr. Schwarz will receive an annual retainer in the amount of $50,000.00, to be paid on a quarterly basis beginning on the Effective Date and prorated to reflect his election to the Board as of September 20, 2010, for the portion of the 2010-2011 Board Year in which Mr. Schwarz is a member of the Board. The "2010-2011 Board Year" is defined as the year beginning on the date of the Company's 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (April 27, 2010) and ending on the date of Teradata's 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
As of the Effective Date, Mr. Schwarz was appointed as a member of the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board.
Therefore, effective as of the Effective Date, the membership of the committees of the Board is as follows:
 
 
 
 
On September 20, 2010, Teradata issued a press release that announced the election of Mr. Schwarz to the Board as of September 20, 2010, a copy of which press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For further information:
 
For Release on September 20, 2010
 (NYSE: ), the world's largest company solely focused on and , today announced the election of John G. Schwarz to its Board of Directors, bringing significant global software business expertise to the . He has joined the board as a Class II director September 20, 2010.
ATLANTA
Teradata Corporation
TDC
data warehousing
enterprise analytics
Teradata board of directors
Schwarz is currently the co-founder and chief executive officer of Visier LLC, a young business analytics software firm. He most recently served as chief executive officer of SAP BusinessObjects, where he was a member of the executive board of SAP AG and led global ecosystem, partner group, and corporate development while driving the integration of the Business Objects organization within SAP.
"John is a well-known and respected CEO whose insights, knowledge and record of driving growth will make him a meaningful contributor," said James (Jim) Ringler, chairman, Teradata Corporation. "We are pleased to have someone of John's stature and experience join the Teradata board."
Schwarz's impressive track record in the technology industry has also included a role as chief operating officer at Symantec Corporation, and a successful and diverse 25-year career at IBM, in addition to Business Objects.
"John has terrific credentials in business intelligence and is broadly recognized as an innovative leader," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "He joins the board at an exciting time for Teradata. John's entrepreneurial vision and insight will be extremely valuable going forward."
Schwarz has served on a number of corporate boards, including his current role as a director of Synopsys, Inc. Schwarz earned degrees and diplomas at University of Manitoba, Toronto and Dalhousie.
Relevant Links:
 
 
 
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20101104072941.txt.gz
TIME:20101104072941
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On November 4, 2010, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2010 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

 
Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on November 4, 2010
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on data warehousing and enterprise analytics, today reported revenue of $489 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2010, an increase of 15 percent from $425 million in 2009.
ATLANTA
Overall, the company's third quarter year-over-year revenue comparison was not impacted by currency translation, when compared to the third quarter of 2009.
(1)
Gross margin in the third quarter was 57.1 percent versus 53.4 percent in the third quarter of 2009. Higher product gross margin and a more favorable mix of product revenue versus service revenue more than offset lower service gross margin in the quarter.
Teradata reported third-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $75 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $63 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2009. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share (EPS), which excludes non-cash, stock-based compensation expense and an impairment charge in the third quarter of 2009, was $0.46 in the third quarter of 2010, versus $0.40 in the third quarter of 2009.
(2)
 
"Teradata delivered another strong quarter in terms of revenue and operating income growth, and we've raised our guidance for the full year," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"Our increased investments in market coverage, research and development, and our data warehouse platform family over the past couple of years - have allowed Teradata to go broader and deeper into the market to help fuel growth.
"In addition, the explosion of new and big data, and the need to integrate it with traditional data for best-in-class analytics, will benefit Teradata and our customers going forward."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $292 million of revenue in its Americas region in the third quarter of 2010, up 18 percent from $247 million in the third quarter of 2009. The year-over-year revenue comparison for the Americas region was not materially impacted by currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the third quarter of 2010 improved to 61.6 percent, compared to 55.9 percent in the third quarter of 2009. Gross margin in the quarter improved largely due to higher product gross margin, as well as a higher mix of product revenue versus services revenue, compared to the prior-year period.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the third quarter of 2010 was $109 million, the same as reported in the third quarter of 2009. Currency translation negatively impacted the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 7 percentage points.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the third quarter of 2010 was 51.4 percent, down from 53.2 percent in the third quarter of 2009, due to lower services margins, which were offset somewhat by higher product margins.
 
Teradata generated $88 million of revenue in its APJ region in the third quarter of 2010, a 28 percent increase from $69 million in the third quarter of 2009. The revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 9 percentage points from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the third quarter of 2010 was 48.9 percent, up from 44.9 percent in the third quarter of 2009. The increase was driven by higher product margins and a greater proportion of product revenue (compared to services revenue), offset in part by lower consulting services margins.
Operating Income
Third-quarter operating income of $106 million improved from $88 million reported in the third quarter of 2009. The increase in operating income was largely due to revenue growth, particularly product revenue, and improved product margins, offset by lower service margins as well as higher research and development and selling expenses.
Operating margin in the third quarter of 2010 was 21.7 percent, versus 20.7 percent in the third quarter of 2009.
Other Items
The effective income tax rate in the third quarter of 2010 was 29 percent, which compared to a 25 percent tax rate in the prior-year period, driven by an overall proportional increase in U.S. pre-tax earnings.
Teradata expects a higher proportion of its pre-tax income will be generated in the United States in 2010 as compared to 2009; as a result, we are anticipating the full-year effective tax rate to be approximately 27%. If the U.S. Federal Research & Development Tax Credit is not retroactively reinstated by Congress before year end, Teradata's full-year effective tax rate for 2010 would increase to approximately 28%.
Cash Flow
During the third quarter of 2010, Teradata generated $65 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $96 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the third quarter were $18 million compared to $21 million in the third quarter of 2009. Teradata generated $47 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for
property and equipment and additions to capitalized software) in the third quarter of 2010, versus generating $75 million in the same period in 2009.
(3)
 In comparison to the prior-year period, the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was principally due to an increase in receivables, in large part due to higher revenue and timing of transactions in the third quarter of 2010.
During the first nine months of 2010, Teradata generated $265 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $364 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2010 were $62 million, compared to $61 million in the same period in 2009. During the first three quarters of 2010, Teradata generated $203 million of free cash flow, versus $303 million in the same period in 2009.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the third quarter of 2010 with $741 million in cash and short-term investments, a $17 million increase from June 30, 2010. During the quarter Teradata used approximately $29 million for technology investments and $17 million to repurchase approximately 559,000 shares of its stock. Although Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, there was no short- or long-term debt outstanding as of September 30, 2010.
 
2010 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its guidance for full-year 2010 revenue growth to approximately 12 percent from its prior guidance for the "high-end" of the 8-10 percent range. Currency is expected to benefit the full-year, year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 1 percent.
GAAP EPS for 2010 is now expected to be in the $1.71 to $1.74 range, up from the prior range of $1.60 to $1.70. Excluding non-cash, stock-based compensation expense for the year, non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the $1.80 to $1.83 range, an increase from the prior non-GAAP EPS range of $1.69 to $1.79.
(2)
2010 Third-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's third-quarter 2010 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site .
www.teradata.com/investor
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
The following table reconciles Teradata's actual and projected earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures such as EPS excluding certain items, internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially.
In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
 
Schedule C
 
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20101222074434.txt.gz
TIME:20101222074434
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 21, 2010, Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with Aprimo, Inc. ("Aprimo"), a global provider of integrated marketing software solutions, and TDC Merger Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Aprimo, and Aprimo will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata (the "Merger"). The aggregate consideration payable with respect to all of the outstanding stock and derivative securities (including all outstanding warrants, stock options and restricted stock units) of Aprimo in the Merger is $525 million, subject to a downward adjustment for certain indebtedness as of the closing date, an upward adjustment for the proceeds from certain option and warrant exercises and an adjustment based on closing working capital (including cash but excluding deferred revenues and certain prepaid expenses), with a target centered on $50 million.
The Merger Agreement has been adopted and approved by Aprimo's stockholders. Consummation of the Merger is subject to certain conditions, including the continuing accuracy of Aprimo and Teradata's respective representations and warranties, the expiration or termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any similar filings required in foreign jurisdictions and no occurrences that have a material adverse effect on Aprimo's business, properties, financial condition or results of operations. The date for the closing of the Merger has not yet been determined, but is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2011.
In the Merger Agreement, Aprimo has made representations and warranties related to its business and operations and has agreed to specified covenants, including covenants relating to the conduct of its business between the date of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, restrictions on solicitation of proposals for alternative transactions, making governmental filings and other matters.
Under the Merger Agreement, a portion of the consideration payable in the Merger will be placed in escrow to cover any downward adjustment in the Merger consideration as a result of the working capital adjustment and Aprimo's indemnification obligations under the Merger Agreement for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants made by Aprimo in the Merger Agreement that exceed a specified basket amount.
The Merger Agreement contains certain limited termination rights of both parties.
Forward Looking Statements
This filing and the attached earnings release contain forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the parties' ability to consummate the transaction; the execution of integration plans; the conditions to the completion of the transaction, court approval or the regulatory approvals required for the transaction may not be obtained on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the parties' ability to meet expectations regarding the timing, completion and accounting treatments of the transaction; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies in the arrangement within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aprimo's operations into those of Teradata; such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; the retention of certain key employees of Aprimo may be difficult; Teradata and Aprimo are subject to intense competition and increased competition is expected in the future; fluctuations in foreign currencies could result in transaction losses and increased expenses; the volatility of the international marketplace. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize as expected; that the transaction may not be timely completed; that the parties are unable to successfully implement integration strategies; and other risks that are described in Teradata's filings with the Commission.
 
On December 22, 2010, Teradata issued a press release announcing entry into the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For further information:
Mike O'Sullivan
Teradata Corporation
(937) 242-4786
mike.osullivan@teradata.com
For Release on December 22, 2010
Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on , today announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire , a global leader in cloud-based integrated marketing software for approximately $525 million including the assumption of approximately $25 million of cash at closing, subject to adjustment. Together, the two visionary leaders will bring powerful business analytics with integrated marketing solutions to enable corporations to improve and optimize marketing performance with data-driven insights. In addition, Teradata will draw upon Aprimo's deep expertise in Cloud and Software as a Service (SaaS) functionality.
ATLANTA 
Teradata
data warehousing and business analytics
Aprimo
"Combining these visionary companies positions Teradata as a leader in Integrated Marketing Management, Marketing Resource Management, and Multi-Channel Campaign Management, providing customers an end-to-end solution available in SaaS and on-premise environments," said , president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "In addition, the combination will broaden our addressable customer base and fuel marketing innovation for our customers. Together, Teradata and Aprimo will drive the future of Integrated Marketing Management and offer compelling business value for our customers."
Mike Koehler
The Integrated Marketing Management (IMM) business is a growing, $5 billion sector and is emerging as a critical focus for businesses, representing one of the most strategic and largest areas of investment for most corporations. Companies that develop an Integrated Marketing Management strategy will deliver a 50 percent higher return on marketing investment than those that don't, according to a from Gartner.
recent report
 
Organizations today are recognizing the importance of marketing that defines the brand, differentiates the business, and delivers revenue, and are increasingly relying upon information technologies that improve overall marketing performance. The combination of Teradata's powerful analytics and Aprimo's innovative marketing helps clients integrate, streamline, and continuously accelerate profitable growth.
"Aprimo and Teradata are both laser focused on customer success, core business values that forge together our experience and commitment to help marketers revolutionize marketing and achieve their vision of integrated marketing management," said , chief executive officer at Aprimo. "We believe our combined value proposition, Teradata's powerful business analytics and Aprimo's cloud-based Integrated Marketing Software come at a time when marketers are consolidating and integrating their marketing teams and systems while demanding more strategic analytics and intelligence. This is great news for our present and future customers."
Bill Godfrey
Aprimo delivers the industry's most comprehensive suite of integrated marketing applications to more than 150,000 professionals worldwide, and more than 36 percent of the Fortune 100 relies upon Aprimo for Integrated Marketing Management solutions.
Aprimo's offerings are a new addition to Teradata's business analytics portfolio. By acquiring Aprimo, Teradata will be able to deliver powerful and integrated marketing management solutions, with the comprehensive capabilities that marketers need to:
 
 
 
 
The end result for the chief marketing officer and their teams will be the ability to run a marketing organization that delivers real-time strategic insights to positively impact business growth. In addition, with Aprimo's on-demand software solutions that operate in the cloud or within a customer's data center, customers have the choice of accessing the applications based on their operational needs and preference.
Aprimo will be integrated into Teradata's operations and will continue to market its products and services under the name Aprimo. Once the acquisition is complete, Aprimo will support the strategy of Teradata's and business, including development, marketing, sales, and going forward.
analytic
applications
services
 
"The expansion of our business demonstrates our clear commitment to being a world-class provider of business analytics," said , Teradata executive vice president, business development and marketing. "Teradata and Aprimo will focus on driving business growth and optimizing the company's marketing performance. Through our industry leading marketing applications and analytics, companies will be able to leverage and capitalize on the proliferation of channels and the growing importance of managing and leveraging big data. This union is a clear catalyst for transformational change, creating new and innovative market opportunities."
Darryl McDonald
The completion of the transaction, which is subject to applicable regulatory clearances and other customary closing conditions, is expected to occur in the first quarter, 2011.
The transaction is expected to be slightly accretive to Teradata's non-GAAP EPS in the first year following closing.
Conference Call Scheduled for 8:30 a.m. ET Today
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss Teradata's intention to acquire Aprimo. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, will be available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
About Aprimo
Aprimo is a leading global provider of cloud-based marketing software and services that enhance the productivity and performance of marketing organizations. The company's integrated marketing software, and , enables marketers to navigate the changing role of marketing, by taking control of budget and spends, eliminating internal silos with streamlined workflows, and executing innovative multi-channel campaigns to drive measurable return on investment. Founded in 1998, Aprimo is headquartered in Indianapolis with offices worldwide. For more information call +1.317.803.4300 or visit .
Aprimo Marketing Studio for B2C
Aprimo Marketing Studio for B2B
http://www.aprimo.com
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
 
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the parties' ability to consummate the transaction; the execution of integration plans; the conditions to the completion of the transaction, court approval or the regulatory approvals required for the transaction may not be obtained on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the parties' ability to meet expectations regarding the timing, completion and accounting treatments of the transaction; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies in the arrangement within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aprimo's operations into those of Teradata; such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; the retention of certain key employees of Aprimo may be difficult; Teradata and Aprimo are subject to intense competition and increased competition is expected in the future; fluctuations in foreign currencies could result in transaction losses and increased expenses; the volatility of the international marketplace. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize as expected; that the transaction may not be timely completed; that the parties are unable to successfully implement integration strategies; and other risks that are described in Teradata's SEC filings.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110124155634.txt.gz
TIME:20110124155634
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On January 21, 2011, Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") completed its acquisition of Aprimo, Inc. ("Aprimo"), a global provider of integrated marketing software solutions, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated December 21, 2010, among Teradata, Aprimo and TDC Merger Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata. As provided in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into Aprimo (the "Merger"), with Aprimo continuing as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata.
The aggregate consideration payable with respect to all of the outstanding stock and derivative securities (including all outstanding warrants, stock options and restricted stock units) of Aprimo in the Merger was $525 million, subject to an adjustment upward for the proceeds from certain option and warrant exercises and an adjustment based on closing working capital (including cash but excluding deferred revenues and certain prepaid expenses), with a target centered on $50 million.
Under the Merger Agreement, a portion of the consideration payable in the Merger was placed in escrow to cover any downward adjustment in the Merger consideration as a result of the working capital adjustment and Aprimo's indemnification obligations under the Merger Agreement for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants made by Aprimo in the Merger Agreement that exceed a specified basket amount.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 2.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
The Merger Agreement has been included to provide information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Teradata or Aprimo. The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made solely for purposes of the agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Merger Agreement instead of establishing these matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to security holders. Security holders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Teradata or Aprimo. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may have changed after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Teradata's public disclosures.
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On January 24, 2011, Teradata issued a press release announcing completion of the Merger, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
The historical consolidated financial statements of Aprimo, Inc. required to be filed under this Item will be filed as an amendment to this Report as soon as practicable, but not later than 71 calendar days after the date on which this Report is required to be filed with respect to completion of the Merger.
 
The pro forma financial information for the Merger required to be filed under this Item will be filed as an amendment to this Report as soon as practicable, but not later than 71 calendar days after the date on which this Report is required to be filed with respect to completion of the Merger.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached to this Report:
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 2.1
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER is entered into as of December 21, 2010, among TERADATA CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (""), APRIMO, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), and TDC MERGER SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Acquiror (""), under the following circumstances:
Acquiror
Company
Merger Sub
A. The Board of Directors of the Company (the "") has approved this Agreement and determined that the Merger (as hereinafter defined) on the terms set forth in this Agreement is advisable and in the best interests of its stockholders and has recommended that its stockholders approve the Merger on the terms set forth in this Agreement.
Company Board
B. The Boards of Directors of Acquiror and Merger Sub have approved this Agreement and the Merger, and Acquiror, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, has adopted this Agreement and approved the Merger on the terms set forth in this Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which hereby is acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1.01 . On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the ""), on the Closing Date, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company (the ""), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the corporation surviving the Merger (the "").
The Merger
DGCL
Merger
Surviving Corporation
1.02 . The closing of the Merger (the "") shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on a date to be specified by Acquiror and the Company, which shall be no later than the second Business Day following the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by the party or parties entitled to the benefits thereof of the conditions set forth in Article 7 (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver of those conditions), or at such other place, time and date as shall be agreed in writing between Acquiror and the Company; , , that if all the conditions set forth in Article 7 shall not have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted by Law) waived on such second Business Day, then the Closing shall take place on the first Business Day thereafter on which all such conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted by Law) waived. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the "."
Closing
Closing
provided
however
Closing Date
1.03 . Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable after the Closing, the parties shall file with the Secretary of State of Delaware (the "") a certificate of merger relating to the Merger (the ""), executed and acknowledged in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL, and all other filings required under the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at the time that the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed with and accepted by the Delaware Secretary of State (the time the Merger becomes effective being the "").
Effective Time
Delaware Secretary of State
Certificate of Merger
Effective Time
1.04 . The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL.
Effects of the Merger
1.05 . The Certificate of Incorporation of the Merger Sub in effect at the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation (except that the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be Aprimo, Inc.), until thereafter amended in accordance with its terms and applicable Law.
Certificate of Incorporation
1.06 . The Bylaws of Merger Sub in effect at the Effective Time shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended in accordance with its terms and applicable Law.
Bylaws
1.07 . From and after the Effective Time, until their successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or upon their earlier resignation or removal in accordance with the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and applicable Law: (a) the directors of Merger Sub at the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, and (b) the officers of the Company at the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation.
Directors and Officers
2.01 . (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part of Merger Sub or the Company or their respective Securityholders:
Conversion of Capital Stock; Merger Consideration
(i) . Each issued and outstanding share of Merger Sub Common Stock shall be converted into and become one fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.
Capital Stock of Merger Sub
(ii) . All shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock that are authorized but unissued or that are issued but not outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.
Cancellation of Certain Stock
(iii) . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without additional action on the part of any holder of shares of Company Stock, the Company or Merger Sub, each share of Company Stock that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Appraisal Shares) shall be canceled and extinguished and converted into the right to receive, upon surrender of the Certificate representing such Company Stock in accordance with Section 2.02, without interest: (A)
Company Stock
 
an amount in cash equal to the product of (1) the Common Stock Equivalent for such share of Company Stock (2) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Closing Payment Amount by (y) the Fully-Diluted Shares (the ""), and (B) an amount in cash equal to the Per Share Deferred Payment(s) determined as set forth in Sections 2.01(d) and 2.01(e) (collectively with the Per Share Closing Payment, the "").
multiplied by
Per Share Closing Payment
Per Share Payment Amounts
(b) For purposes of this Agreement:
(i) The "" shall be an amount in cash equal to $525,000,000 (A) the estimated amount of the Working Capital Adjustment, if any (estimated based on the Estimated Adjustment Schedule), (B) the estimated amount of the Closing Debt, if any (estimated based on the Estimated Adjustment Schedule) and, (C) the amount of the Exercise Cash (estimated based on the Estimated Adjustment Schedule);
Estimated Merger Consideration
plus or minus
minus
plus
(ii) The "" shall be an amount in cash equal to the sum of (A) the Estimated Merger Consideration, (B) the Escrow Amount, (C) the aggregate exercise price of unexercised Options and Warrants entitled to payment pursuant to Sections 2.03(a) and 2.03(b).
Closing Payment Amount
minus
plus
(iii) The "" shall be the Estimated Merger Consideration, (A) the difference, if any, between the estimated Working Capital Adjustment provided pursuant to Section 2.05(a) and the final Working Capital Adjustment determined as provided in Section 2.05(b), and (B) the difference, if any, between the amount of the estimated Closing Debt provided pursuant to Section 2.05(a) and the final Closing Debt amount determined as provided in Section 2.05(b), and (C) the difference, if any, between the amount for the estimated Exercise Cash provided pursuant to Section 2.05(a) and the final Exercise Cash amount determined as provided in Section 2.05(b).
Adjusted Merger Consideration
plus or minus
plus or minus
plus or minus
(c) Within two Business Days after the Closing Statement becomes final and binding in accordance with Section 2.05:
(i) if the Adjusted Merger Consideration is greater than the Estimated Merger Consideration determined on the Closing Date, Acquiror shall cause the Surviving Corporation to pay to the Escrow Agent to hold in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement as part of the Escrow Amount an amount equal to the difference between the Estimated Merger Consideration and the Adjusted Merger Consideration, or
(ii) if the Adjusted Merger Consideration is less than the Estimated Merger Consideration, Acquiror shall be entitled to make a claim (an "") against the Escrow Amount in accordance with the terms of the Escrow Agreement for the amount by which the Adjusted Merger Consideration is less than the Estimated Merger Consideration.
Adjustment Claim
(d) At or prior to the Effective Time, Acquiror shall deposit the Escrow Amount with the Escrow Agent to hold pursuant to the Escrow Agreement. On the Interim Distribution Date,
 
Acquiror shall instruct the Escrow Agent to pay (directly or through a payroll processor) as soon as practicable, but in any event within two (2) Business Days, to each former holder of Securities who is entitled to receive the Per Share Deferred Payment(s) pursuant to Section 2.01 or 2.03 (subject, however, to Section 2.02(f)), for each Security held at the Effective Time, an amount equal to (A) either (1) if the aggregate amount of any Claim Reserve then existing together with any amounts previously paid out of the Escrow with respect to Claims (the "") is less than $5,000,000, $25,000,000 or (2) if the amount of the Aggregate Claims is $5,000,000 or more, $25,000,000 less the amount of the Aggregate Claims in excess of $5,000,000, (B) the Fully Diluted Shares, and (C) the applicable Common Stock Equivalent for the class of Security held (the ""). On the Expiration Date, Acquiror shall instruct the Escrow Agent to pay (directly or through a payroll processor) as soon as practicable, but in any event within two (2) Business Days, to each former holder of Securities who is entitled to receive Per Share Deferred Payment(s) pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or 2.03 (subject, however, to Section 2.02(f)), for each Security held at the Effective Time, an amount equal to (A) the remaining Escrow Amount less the amount of any Claim Reserve then existing, (B) the Fully Diluted Shares and (C) the applicable Common Stock Equivalent for the class of Security held (the "").
Aggregate Claims
divided by
multiplied by
Per Share Interim Payment
divided by
multiplied by
Per Share Expiration Date Payment
(e) If the entire remaining Escrow Amount is not paid on the Expiration Date in accordance with Section 2.01(d) as a result of one or more pending Indemnity Claims, then at the time that all pending Indemnity Claims have been fully resolved as provided in Article 9 or Article 10 and any required payment is made from the Claim Reserve with respect to such Claim to the Acquiror Group, Acquiror shall instruct the Escrow Agent to pay (directly or through a payroll processor) as soon as practicable, but in any event within two (2) Business Days, to each former holder of Securities entitled to receive any Deferred Payments pursuant to Section 2.01(a) or Section 2.03 (subject, however, to Section 2.02(f)), for each Security held at the Effective Time, an amount equal to (A) any remaining Claim Reserve, by (B) the Fully Diluted Shares, and by (C) the applicable Common Stock Equivalent for the class of Security held (the "" and, collectively with the Per Share Interim Payment and the Per Share Expiration Date Payment, if any, the "").
divided
multiplied
Per Share Final Payment
Per Share Deferred Payment(s)
(f) The Per Share Payment Amounts shall be adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any reclassification, stock split, reverse split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Company Stock), reorganization, recapitalization or other like change with respect to the Securities occurring (or for which a record date is established) after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.
(g) Each holder of more than one percent (1%) of the Fully Diluted Shares, shall be entitled to receive all payments hereunder by wire transfer pursuant to the instructions provided pursuant to Section 2.02(b).
2.02 . The procedures for exchanging outstanding shares of Company Stock for the Closing Payment Amount to be paid with respect to such Company Stock pursuant to Section 2.01(a) are as follows:
Exchange Fund
(a) At or prior to the Effective Time, Acquiror shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of the Securityholders for payment through the Exchange Agent in
 
accordance with this Section 2.02, cash in an amount equal to the Estimated Merger Consideration less the Escrow Amount (the "").
Exchange Fund
(b) Promptly after the Effective Time, Acquiror shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate: (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the applicable Closing Payment Amount payable with respect thereto, provided that the Acquiror shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in developing arrangements for the delivery of such materials prior to Closing to stockholders of the Company holding one percent (1%) or more of the Fully Diluted Shares to facilitate the payment of the Per Share Closing Payment to such stockholders immediately following the Effective Time, provided that the Company provides payment instructions to Acquiror at least three Business Days prior to the Effective TimeSuch instructions may include directions by a group of Affiliated Securityholders as to the appropriate allocations of payments among such Affiliated Securityholders (including, by way of example, a request to allocate a disproportionate share of the aggregate Closing Payment Amount payable to such Affiliated Securityholders to one of such Affiliated Securityholders in exchange for such Affiliate giving up the right to Deferred Payment(s) and the payment of such Deferred Payments instead to the other Affiliated Securityholder), provided that prior to the Closing Date all such Affiliated Securityholders certify in writing to the Exchange Agent their agreement to such allocation, and agree to indemnify the Acquiror, the Exchange Agent and all other Securityholders for any claims arising out of the Exchange Agent's compliance with such instructions. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive promptly in exchange therefor the Per Share Closing Payment that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to this Article 2 in respect of all Company Stock held by such holder, payable as provided in this Article 2, and the Certificate so surrendered shall immediately be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Stock not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the applicable Per Share Closing Payment may be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered, if such Certificate is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer and evidence that an applicable stock transfer Taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the applicable Per Share Closing Payment as contemplated by this Section 2.02 and any Per Share Deferred Payment(s) payable pursuant to Sections 2.01(d) and 2.01(e).
.
(c) From and after the Effective Time there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of the Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article 2.
(d) Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of Securities as of the end of the sixth month after the Effective Time shall be delivered
 
to Acquiror (subject to abandoned property, escheat or similar law), upon demand, and any holder of Securities who has not previously complied with this Section 2.02 shall be entitled to receive from Acquiror (subject to abandoned property, escheat or similar law) payment of its claim for the applicable Per Share Closing Payment and any Deferred Payments payable pursuant to Section 2.01, without interest.
(e) To the extent permitted by applicable Law, none of Acquiror, Merger Sub, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any holder of shares of Company Stock delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.
(f) Each of Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Securities such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any other applicable state, local or foreign Tax Law; provided, that if such payment is to be made on behalf of Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation by the Exchange Agent, Escrow Agent or a payroll agent, the Exchange Agent, Escrow Agent and/or payroll agent may so deduct and withhold such amounts and pay such amounts to or as directed by Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation for remittance as provided in this Section 2.02(f). To the extent that amounts are so withheld, such withheld amounts: (i) shall be remitted to the applicable Governmental Entity, and (ii) upon payment to such applicable Governmental Entity, shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to such holder of Securities in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by the Surviving Corporation or Acquiror, as the case may be.
(g) If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate the Closing Payment Amount deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement.
2.03 . (a) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee of the Company Board administering the Option Plans) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions (including obtaining any required consents, which shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to Acquiror) as may be required to effect the following:
Equity Awards and Warrants
(i) at the Effective Time, each outstanding Option shall be canceled in full and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive, in consideration for such cancellation:
(A) an amount in cash equal to the product of: (x) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of such Option immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting by reason of the Merger), and (y) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Closing Payment over the exercise price per share of Common Stock subject to such Option, which amount (less any required withholding) shall be payable to such holder from the Exchange Fund (directly
 
or through a payroll processor) as soon as practicable following the Effective Time, but in no event later than 10 days thereafter, and
(B) if the holder of the Option is entitled to receive a payment under Section 2.03(a)(i)(A), an additional amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of such Option immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting by reason of the Merger), and (y) the Per Share Deferred Payment(s) amount payable pursuant to Section 2.01(d) or 2.01(e), which amount(s) (less any required withholding) shall be payable to such holder from the Escrow Amount (directly or through a payroll processor) at the time or times any such payments are made with respect to the Company Stock pursuant to Section 2.01 and provided that all such payments shall be made within five years after the Effective Time to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code;
(ii) at the Effective Time, each outstanding RSU shall be canceled in full and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive, in consideration for such cancellation:
(A) an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of such RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting by reason of the Merger) and (y) the Per Share Closing Payment, which amount (less any required withholding) shall be payable to such holder from the Exchange Fund (directly or through a payroll processor) as soon as practicable following the Effective Time, but in no event later than 10 days thereafter, and
(B) an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested portion of such RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (after giving effect to any acceleration of vesting by reason of the Merger), and (y) any Per Share Deferred Payment(s) payable pursuant to Section 2.01(d) or 2.01(e), which amount(s) (less any required withholding) shall be payable to such holder from the Escrow Amount (directly or through a payroll processor) at the time or times any such payments are made with respect to the Company Stock pursuant to Section 2.01 and provided that all such payments shall be made within five years after the Effective Time to the extent required by Section 409A of the Code.
(b) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company Board shall adopt such resolutions and take such other actions (including obtaining any required consents) as may be required so that, at the Effective Time, each holder of a Common Warrant (and of any Series A2 Warrant that permits the adjustments provided for in this Section 2.03(b)) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive pursuant to such Common Warrant (or such Series A2 Warrant), upon exercise of such Common Warrant (or such Series A2 Warrant) pursuant to its terms, solely:
(i) an amount in cash equal to the product of the number of Common Stock Equivalents subject to the Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time and the Per Share Closing Payment per Common Stock Equivalent subject to such Warrant, which
 
amount shall be payable to such holder from the Exchange Fund as soon as practicable following the Effective Time, but in no event later than 10 days thereafter, and
(ii) an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Company Stock subject to the Warrant immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (y) the Per Share Deferred Payment(s) payable pursuant to Section 2.01(d) or 2.01(e) with respect to the class of Company Stock subject to such Warrant, which amount(s) shall be payable to such holder from the Escrow Amount at the time or times any such payments are made with respect to the Company Stock pursuant to Section 2.01.
(c) As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement, the Company Board shall adopt such resolutions and take any other actions (including obtaining any required consents) as may be required so that any Series A2 Warrant that by its terms does not permit the adjustments provided for in Section 2.03(b) will be cancelled as of the Effective Time if not exercised prior to the Effective Time.
2.04 . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Company Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time that is held by any record holder who is entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such Company Stock pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL (the "") shall not be converted into the right to receive the Per Share Payment Amounts payable pursuant to this Article 2, but instead at the Effective Time the holders of Appraisal Shares shall become entitled to payment of the fair value of such shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL and at the Effective Time all Appraisal Shares shall cease to be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and cease to exist and the holder of such Appraised Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except as set forth in this Section 2.04. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by Section 262 of the DGCL, then the right of such holder to be paid the fair value of such holder's Appraisal Shares under Section 262 of the DGCL shall be forfeited and cease and each of such holder's Appraisal Shares shall be deemed to have been converted at the Effective Time into, and shall have become, the right to receive, without interest thereon, the Per Share Payment Amounts. The Company shall deliver prompt notice to Acquiror of any demands for appraisal of any Shares, attempted withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL that are received by the Company for appraisal of any Shares, and provide Acquiror with the opportunity to participate (at its expense) in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for appraisal under the DGCL. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Acquiror (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), make any payment with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demands, or agree to do any of the foregoing. Any amount payable to any holder of Appraisal Shares exercising appraisal rights shall be paid in accordance with the DGCL by Acquiror.
Appraisal Shares
Appraisal Shares
2.05 . (a) At least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall prepare and deliver to Acquiror a schedule (the "") setting forth its good faith estimates of each of the
Estimated Adjustment Amounts and Closing Statement
Estimated Adjustment Schedule
 
following amounts as of the Closing Date (the ""): (i) the amount of the Closing Debt, if any, (ii) the amount of the Closing Net Working Capital, (iii) the amount of the Working Capital Adjustment, if any, and (iv) the amount of the Exercise Cash (including a statement identifying the Options and Warrants exercised and the Persons who exercised such Options and Warrants). The Estimated Adjustment Amounts shall be subject to Acquiror's reasonable approval. The Company shall make available to Acquiror all work papers and other books and records used in calculating the Estimated Adjustment Amounts, as well as the appropriate personnel involved in the preparation thereof.
Estimated Adjustment Amounts
(b) Within 60 days after the Closing Date, Acquiror shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Stockholder Representative a statement (the "") setting forth, as of the Effective Time: (i) the amount of the Closing Debt, if any, (ii) the amount of the Exercise Cash, and (iii) a calculation of the net working capital of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which shall be prepared from the books and records of the Company and shall show the following as of the Effective Time (determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, applied consistently with the manner in which the Company's audited 2009 financial statements included in the Financial Statements were prepared):
Closing Statement
(i) the aggregate book value of the current assets of the Company, excluding any prepaid initial public offering expenses and less the amount of the Exercise Cash (collectively, the ""), and
Current Assets
(ii) the aggregate current liabilities of the Company, but excluding any Closing Debt and any deferred revenue (collectively, the "").
Current Liabilities
(c) The Closing Statement also shall show the amount determined by subtracting the Current Liabilities from the Current Assets (the result of such subtraction being the ""). Based on the Closing Net Working Capital, the adjustment (the "") used to calculate the Adjusted Merger Consideration shall be as follows: (i) if the Closing Net Working Capital is less than 95% of the Target Working Capital, the Working Capital Adjustment shall be a downward adjustment equal to the amount by which the Closing Net Working Capital is less than 95% of the Target Working Capital, and (ii) if the Closing Net Working Capital is more than 105% of the Target Working Capital, the Working Capital Adjustment shall be an upward adjustment equal to the amount by which the Closing Net Working Capital exceeds 105% of the Target Working Capital. For purposes of clarity, the Working Capital Adjustment shall be zero if not adjusted pursuant to the forgoing clauses (i) or (ii).
Closing Net Working Capital
Working Capital Adjustment
(d) Upon delivery of the Closing Statement, the Acquiror shall deliver to the Stockholder Representative all relevant backup materials reasonably requested by the Stockholder Representative, including all schedules and detailed backup used in any of the calculations above. The Closing Statement shall become final and binding upon the parties on the earlier of: (i) the date the Stockholder Representative gives notice of his acceptance of the Closing Statement, (ii) the 30th day following receipt of the Closing Statement by the Stockholder Representative, unless the Stockholder Representative gives written notice to Acquiror prior to such date of his disagreement with the Closing Statement (the ""), or (iii) if the Notice of Disagreement is received by Acquiror within such 30-day period, on the earlier
Notice of Disagreement
 
of: (x) the date Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative resolve in writing any differences they have with respect to the matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement, or (y) the date any disputed matters finally are resolved in writing by the Accounting Firm as hereinafter provided. The Notice of Disagreement shall specify in reasonable detail the nature of any disagreement, which must be based on the Closing Statement not being accurate, not being prepared in accordance with this Section 2.05, or state that the Acquiror has failed to provide sufficient backup materials and information to allow the Stockholder Representative to review.
(e) During the 30-day period following the delivery of the Notice of Disagreement, Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative shall seek in good faith to resolve in writing any differences which they may have with respect to the matters specified in the Notice of Disagreement and Acquiror shall also deliver to the Stockholder Representative all reasonably requested relevant backup materials not previously provided, in detail reasonably requested by the Stockholder Representative. If all such differences are not so resolved within the 30-day period, at the end of such 30-day period, Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative shall submit to an independent accounting firm (the "") for review and resolution any and all matters which remain in dispute and which were property included in the Notice of Disagreement. Unless Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative otherwise agree in writing, the Accounting Firm shall be KPMG LLP. The Accounting Firm shall promptly, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, review only those unresolved items and amounts specifically set forth and objected to in the Notice of Disagreement, and resolve the dispute with respect to each such specific unresolved item and amount in accordance with this Agreement. The Accounting Firm shall render a written decision as to each disputed matter, including a statement in reasonable detail of the basis for its decision. Each of the parties to this Agreement agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Accounting Firm, and to cause the Accounting Firm to resolve any such dispute as soon as practicable after the commencement of the Accounting Firm's engagement. The Accounting Firm shall be instructed to use its best efforts to notify the parties of its determination concerning the matter(s) included in the Notice of Disagreement within 30 days of its appointment. The determination of the Accounting Firm shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment may be entered upon the determination of the Accounting Firm in any court having jurisdiction over the party against which such determination is to be enforced. Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative each shall pay their own fees and expenses incurred in connection with any such arbitration and 50% of the fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm, provided, however, that the Stockholder Representative shall be entitled to deduct its portion of such fees and expenses from the Escrow Amount.
Accounting Firm
2.06 . If, at any time after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall consider or be advised that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances and any other actions or things are necessary, desirable or proper to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation its rights, title or interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of Merger Sub or the Company as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of Merger Sub and/or the Company, as applicable, all such deeds, bills of sale, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of Merger Sub and/or the Company or otherwise, all such other actions and things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm any and all right, title and
Authority to Convey Assets
 
interest in, to and under such rights, properties or assets in the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to carry out the Merger.
2.07 . For U.S. federal income tax purposes, any payment to the Securityholders other than holders of Equity Awards of any Escrow Amount will be treated as deferred contingent purchase price eligible for installment sale treatment under Section 453 of the Code and any corresponding provision of foreign, state or local law, as appropriate, and will be subject to imputation of interest under Section 483 or Section 1274 of the Code. Any interest and earnings on the Escrow Amount will be included in the gross income of the Acquiror pursuant to Section 468B(g) of the Code. In no event shall the total amount of the Escrow Amount, including any interest and earnings thereon, to be paid to the Securityholders under this Agreement exceed an amount to be designated pursuant to this Agreement, which is intended to ensure that the right of the Securityholders to any such payments is not treated as a contingent payment without a stated maximum selling price under Section 453 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Neither the Acquiror nor the Company shall take a position in any Tax Return or examination or other administrative or judicial proceeding (including any ruling request) relating to any Tax that is inconsistent with such treatment. Any payment of any Escrow Amount to a holder of Equity Awards will be treated as compensation reportable on Forms W-2 to be issued by the Company and includable in gross income of such holder at the time of payment.
Certain Tax Matters
The Company hereby represents and warrants to Merger Sub and Acquiror as follows:
3.01 . Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized (in the case of good standing, to the extent such jurisdiction recognizes such concept), except, in the case of the Subsidiaries, where the failure to be so organized, existing or in good standing, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries has all requisite power and authority necessary to enable it to own, lease or otherwise hold its properties and assets and to conduct its businesses as presently conducted. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction where the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties make such qualification necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered or made available to Acquiror, prior to execution of this Agreement, true and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation of the Company in effect as of the date of this Agreement (the "") and the bylaws of the Company in effect as of the date of this Agreement (the ""), and the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of each of the Subsidiaries, in each case as amended to the date of this Agreement. The Company has made available to Acquiror complete and correct copies of the minutes (or, in the case of draft minutes, the most recent drafts thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders, the Company Board and each committee of the Company Board and the Board of Directors of each of the Subsidiaries held since December 1, 2007, and all such
Organization, Standing and Power
Company Certificate
Company Bylaws
 
meetings held prior to such date and on or after January 1, 2005 at which any Company Board action was taken, other than portions of any minutes (or drafts thereof) related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company has made available to Acquiror complete and correct copies of all resolutions of the Company Board and each committee thereof in respect of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
3.02 . (a) All the outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, each Subsidiary have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are (other than directors qualifying shares and shares held by natural persons pursuant to requirements of Law of non-U.S. jurisdictions) owned by the Company, by another Subsidiary or by the Company and another Subsidiary, free and clear of all Encumbrances, and free of any other restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests), except for restrictions imposed by applicable securities Laws. Section 3.02 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list of all of the Subsidiaries, showing for each the jurisdiction of its organization, its address, each jurisdiction in which it is authorized to conduct or actually conducts business and the number and kind of authorized and outstanding shares of capital stock, voting securities and other equity interests.
Subsidiaries
(b) Except for the capital stock and voting securities of, and other equity interests in, the Subsidiaries disclosed in Section 3.02 of the Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary owns, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, any Person.
3.03 . (a) As of the date of this Agreement: (i) the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 125,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, (ii) 40,413,117 shares of the Common Stock were issued and outstanding (none of which were subject to vesting or transfer restrictions and/or subject to forfeiture back to the Company), (iii) 9,708,737 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (iv) 9,408,175 shares of Series A1 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (v) 13,982,282 shares of Series A2 Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (vi) 9,803,920 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (vii) 18,351,995 shares of the Common Stock were reserved and issuable upon exercise of outstanding Options or settlement of RSUs pursuant to the Option Plans, and (viii) 4,570 shares of the Common Stock and 829,315 shares of Series A2 Preferred Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Warrants. Except as set forth in this Section 3.03(a), as of the date of this Agreement no shares of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. No shares of Company Stock are held by any Subsidiary. All of the terms and rights of the Company Stock (including without limitation, conversion rights) are set forth in the Company Certificate. The definition of Common Stock Equivalent in Section 12.01 accurately reflects the conversion rights of each class of Preferred Stock as of the date of this Agreement.
Capital Structure
(b) Section 3.03(b) of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all outstanding Options, the number of shares of Common Stock subject to each such Option, the grant date, exercise price per share, vesting schedule and
 
expiration date of each such Option, the name of the holder thereof, an indication of whether or not each such holder is a current employee or director of the Company or any Subsidiary, whether or not such Option (or any portion thereof) is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code and the name of the Option Plan pursuant to which each such Option was granted. As of the date of this Agreement, other than the outstanding Options, the RSUs described in Section 3.03(c) of the Disclosure Letter and the Warrants described in Section 3.03(d) of the Disclosure Letter, there are no outstanding rights of any Person to receive Common Stock under the Option Plans or otherwise, on a deferred basis or otherwise. The Company has provided to Acquiror a complete and accurate copy of the Option Plans and the forms of all stock option agreements evidencing the Options. All Options may be treated as provided in Section 2.03(a)(i).
(c) Section 3.03(c) of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all outstanding RSUs, the grant date, vesting schedule and expiration date of each such RSU, the name of the holder thereof, and an indication of whether or not each such holder is a current employee or director of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Company has provided to Acquiror a complete and accurate copy of all agreements evidencing the RSUs. All RSUs may be treated as provided in Section 2.03(a)(ii).
(d) Section 3.03(d) of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all outstanding Warrants, the number of shares and class of Company Stock subject to each outstanding Warrant, the exercise price and expiration date of the Warrant, and the name of the holder of each of the Warrants. The Company has provided to Acquiror a complete and accurate copy of all Agreements evidencing the Warrants. All Warrants may be treated as provided in Sections 2.03(b) and 2.03(c), as applicable.
(e) All outstanding shares of the Company Stock are, and, at the time of issuance, all such shares that may be issued upon the exercise of the Options and the Warrants will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to, or issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right under any provision of the DGCL, the Company Certificate, the Company Bylaws, any Contract to which the Company is a party or otherwise bound or any applicable securities Laws and other applicable Laws. Except as set forth in this Section 3.03, as of the date of this Agreement, there are not issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding, and there are not any outstanding obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold: (i) any capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from the Company or any Subsidiary, or any other obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Subsidiary or (iii) any rights issued by or other obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary that are linked in any way to the price of any class of Company Stock or any shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary, the value of the Company, any Subsidiary or any part of the Company or any Subsidiary or any dividends or other distributions declared or paid on any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth above in this Section 3.03 in connection with the Options, as of the date of this Agreement or pursuant
 
to the terms of the Company Certificate, there are not any outstanding obligations of the Company or any Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock or voting securities or other equity interests of the Company or any Subsidiary or any securities, interests, warrants, calls, options or other rights referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence. Each Warrant was duly executed and delivered by each party thereto, and a true and correct copy of each such Warrant was provided to Acquiror prior to the date of this Agreement. There are no debentures, bonds, notes or other Indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote. Neither the Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is a party to any voting agreement with respect to the voting of any stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company. Except for this Agreement, neither the Company nor any of the Company is a party to any agreement pursuant to which any Person is entitled to elect, designate or nominate any director of the Company or any Subsidiary.
(f) All outstanding shares of Company Stock and all outstanding Options and Warrants have been issued in compliance with all applicable securities Laws.
3.04 . (a) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the Merger, to the receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval. The Company Board, by a vote at a meeting duly called at which a quorum of directors of the Company was present, adopted resolutions: (i) approving this Agreement, (ii) declaring advisable the Merger on substantially the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and determining that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and (iii) recommending that the Company's stockholders approve the Merger and directing that the Merger be submitted to the Company's stockholders for approval as provided in Section 6.03, and such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn as of the date of this Agreement. Except for the approval of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of the Common Stock and Preferred Stock, voting together as a class, and by the affirmative vote of 60% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, voting together as a class, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize or adopt this Agreement or to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except for the filing of the appropriate merger documents as required by the DGCL). The Company has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each of Acquiror and Merger Sub, this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject as to enforceability, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, and other Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability
(b) No "interested stockholder," "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other similar antitakeover statute or similar statute or regulation (including Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the DGCL), or similar provision or term of the Company Certificate or the Company Bylaws,
 
applies with respect to the Company with respect to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
3.05 . Subject to obtaining the Required Consents, and except: (i) as may result solely from any facts or circumstances relating to Acquiror or its Affiliates, or (ii) for the other consents, approvals and other matters listed in Section 3.05 of the Disclosure Letter, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement to be executed and delivered by the Company, nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor compliance by the Company with any of the provisions hereof or thereof will:
Consents and Approvals; No Violation
(a) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Company Certificate, the Company Bylaws, or any other governing document or agreement of the Company;
(b) result in the creation of any Encumbrances upon the capital stock or the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary;
(c) violate, conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of, accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration of, any Material Contract or, to the extent that individually or in the aggregate it would have a Material Adverse Effect, any other Contract;
(d) violate any Law applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or assets; or
(e) require any consent, approval, authorization or Permit of or from, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity.
3.06 . (a) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Letter, the Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of the unaudited interim financial statements included in the Financial Statements, for the absence of footnotes, the anticipated year-end adjustments disclosed in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Letter and other normal year-end adjustments that are not material in amount) and, in the case of the unaudited financial statements, in a manner consistent with the manner in which the 2009 audited financial statements included in the Financial Statements were prepared. The Financial Statements present fairly the consolidated financial position of the Company at the dates thereof and the Company's consolidated results of operations and related changes in financial position for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited Financial Statements, to the absence of footnotes, the anticipated year-end adjustments disclosed in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Letter and other normal year-end adjustments that are not material in amount). The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain a standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, including, without limitation, books and records that are accurate and complete in all material respects.
Financial Statements
 
(b) The Company has provided to Acquiror true and correct copies of all management recommendation and other similar letters and recommendations received from the Company's auditors.
(c) The current internal operating systems (hardware and software) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, billing systems (but not including customer hosting systems), are adequate to conduct the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as presently conducted and at the levels of business contemplated for 2011 and 2012 in the business plan provided by the Company to Acquiror, without additional capital expenditures other than as set forth in the business plan of the Company provided by the Company to Acquiror.
(d)The current customer hosting systems are adequate to conduct the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries as presently conducted and at the levels of business contemplated for 2011 in the business plan provided by the Company to Acquiror, without additional expenditures other than as set forth in the Company's business plan provided by the Company to Acquiror.
3.07 . Except as otherwise described in Section 3.07 of the Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise, matured or unmatured, and whether due or to become due, including, without limitation, liabilities or obligations created or accelerated by reason of the Merger or the execution and delivery of this Agreement) other than: (i) liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved on the balance sheet at September 30, 2010 included in the Financial Statements, (ii) trade payables and current and long-term liabilities incurred by the Company or a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Balance Sheet Date for goods or services rendered or received after the Balance Sheet Date, (iii) liabilities and obligations arising under any Contract executed by the Company or any Subsidiary after the Balance Sheet Date with respect to goods or services rendered or received after the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (iv) liabilities and obligations incurred in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement.
Undisclosed Liabilities
3.08 . Except as otherwise described in Section 3.08 of the Disclosure Letter, since the Balance Sheet Date, the Company and the Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses only in the ordinary course and in a manner consistent with past practice, and there has been no:
Absence of Certain Changes or Events
(a) (i) event or occurrence that individually or in the aggregate has caused a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) any event or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, to the Knowledge of the Company, is reasonably likely to cause a Material Adverse Effect;
(b) authorization, declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or the capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, any of the Subsidiaries (other than dividends or other distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary to its shareholders or other equity holders) or any repurchase for value by the
 
Company of any stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or the capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, any of the Subsidiaries;
(c) split, reverse split, combination, subdivision or reclassification of any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company, securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any issuance or the authorization of any issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company;
(d) incurrence of material Indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee of such Indebtedness of another Person (other than the Company or a wholly owned Subsidiary), or issue or sale of debt securities, warrants or other rights to acquire any debt security of the Company or any Subsidiary other than Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business or Indebtedness incurred under any credit facility of the Company in existence on the date hereof;
(e) (i) transfer, lease, license, sale, mortgage, pledge or other disposal or encumbrance of any of the Company's or any Subsidiary's property or assets in excess of $50,000 outside of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (other than sales of inventory or sales of obsolete assets or assets with no material book value), or (ii) acquisitions of businesses, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of property or assets or otherwise;
(f) except as required to comply with applicable Law or to comply with any Employee Plan (including any award agreement thereunder) in effect as of the Balance Sheet Date: (i) establishing, adopting, entering into, terminating or amending, or taking of any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of, any compensation or benefits under, any material collective bargaining agreement or Employee Plan (or any award thereunder), provided that with respect to the amendment of an Employee Plan that is an "employee welfare benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA), this clause (i) shall apply only to material amendments of such plan; (ii) increasing in any material respect the compensation or benefits of, or paying any discretionary bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary, except for increases in regular cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for employees of the Company or any Subsidiary who are not executive officers; (iii) paying of any benefit or amount not required under any Employee Plan as in effect on the Balance Sheet Date; (iv) granting or paying of any change in control, retention, severance or termination compensation or benefits; (v) taking of any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any Employee Plan; (vi) changing of any actuarial or other assumption used to calculate funding obligations with respect to any Employee Plan; or (vii) changing the manner in which contributions to any Employee Plan are made or the basis on which such contributions are determined;
 
(g) change in accounting methods, principles or practices by the Company or any Subsidiary in any material respect, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP; or
(h) with respect to all Taxes payable to any federal, state or local government or other Governmental Entity within the United States: (i) material election with respect to Taxes, (ii) material changes to any such election or existing election, or (iii) settlement or compromise by the Company or any Subsidiary of any Tax liability or refund, other than, in each case, in the ordinary course of business;
(i) any material change in the pricing, sales, receivables and payables practices of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has engaged in: (i) any trade loading practice or any other promotional sales or discount activity with any customers or distributors with the effect of accelerating sales to a prior quarter that would otherwise be expected to occur in subsequent quarters other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) any practice that would have the effect of accelerating the collection of receivables to a prior quarter that would otherwise be expected to occur in subsequent quarters other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or (iii) any practice that would have the effect of postponing to subsequent fiscal quarters payments by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would otherwise be expected to be made in prior quarters other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(j) physical damage, destruction or property loss in an amount exceeding $20,000 in the aggregate affecting any of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (whether or not covered by insurance);
(k) entrance into, modification or amendment to, termination or waiver of any material rights by the Company or any Subsidiary under any Material Contract except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(l) labor union organizing activity or actual or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, employee strikes, work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor disputes or disturbances or any material adverse change in relations with employees;
(m) loan or advance by the Company or any Subsidiary to any Person, other than advances of expenses to employees in the ordinary course of business in accordance with the Company's normal expense reimbursement policy;
(n) payment by the Company or any Subsidiary of their respective accounts and notes payable, or collection of their respective accounts and notes receivable, except in the ordinary course consistent with past practice;
(o) capital expenditures by the Company or any Subsidiary in excess of the amounts specified for the respective fiscal quarters in which the expenditures occur as set forth in the portion of the Company's capital expenditure plan set forth in Section 5.01(a)(xvi) of the Disclosure Letter (the "");
Capex Plan
 
(p) transaction between the Company or any Subsidiary and any Affiliate of the Company (other than a Subsidiary) or any of the Securityholders (other than the continued employment of Securityholders who are employed by the Company or any Subsidiary); or
(q) agreement or commitment to do any of the foregoing.
3.09 . (a) Set forth in Section 3.09(a) of the Disclosure Letter is an accurate and complete list of all Owned Personal Property with a book value in excess of $5,000. The Owned Personal Property includes all computers, equipment, furniture, furnishings, tools, vehicles and other tangible personal property reflected on the most recent balance sheet included in the Financial Statements other than: (i) tangible personal property disposed of in the ordinary course of business, and (ii) tangible personal property reflected on such balance sheet because it is leased by the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to a capital lease.
Personal Property
(b) Set forth in Section 3.09(b) of the Disclosure Letter is an accurate and complete list of: (i) all computers, equipment, furniture, furnishings, tools, vehicles and other tangible personal property leased by the Company or any Subsidiary (collectively, the ""). All of the leases and other Contracts under which the Company or any Subsidiary leases the Leased Personal Property are included in the Material Contracts.
Leased Personal Property
(c) All of the Owned Personal Property and the Leased Personal Property are in good operating condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. The Leased Personal Property has been maintained in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the applicable lease and such maintenance has been performed on a timely and complete basis. Except as set forth in Section 3.09(a) or Section 3.09(b) of the Disclosure Letter, all of the Owned Personal Property and the Leased Personal Property is located at the Leased Real Property other than portable computers used in other locations in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.
3.10 . (a) The Company and the Subsidiaries do not own, and have never owned, any real property. Set forth in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Letter is an accurate and complete list of all real property leased by the Company or any Subsidiary (collectively, the ""). The Company has delivered to Acquiror a complete and accurate copy of each lease and other Material Contract under which the Company or any Subsidiary leases the Leased Real Property.
Real Property
Leased Real Property
(b) The Company has maintained the Leased Real Property in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the applicable lease and in a manner sufficient to support the operations of the Company.
(c) To the Knowledge of the Company, the Leased Real Property is not subject to any rights of way or use restrictions that limit or interfere with the use of the Leased Real Property in the manner it has been used by the Company or a Subsidiary. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of the Company: (i) the water, electric, gas and sewer utility services and the septic tank and storm drainage facilities currently available to the Leased Real Property are adequate for the present use of such real property in the conduct of the businesses presently conducted or currently contemplated by the Company and the
 
Subsidiaries; (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice that any Governmental Entity having the power of eminent domain or condemnation over the Leased Real Property has commenced or intends to exercise the power of eminent domain or condemnation or a similar power with respect to all or any part of the Leased Real Property; (iii) no notice from any Government Entity has been received by the Company or any Subsidiary regarding any assessment for public improvements having been made against the Leased Real Property on which any installment is due and payable and remains unpaid; (iv) no notice from any Government Entity has been received by the Company or any Subsidiary requiring or calling attention to the need for any work, repair, construction, alteration or installation on or in connection with the Leased Real Property which has not been complied with in all material respects prior to the date of this Agreement, and (v) there has been no Release of any Hazardous Substance on the Leased Real Property by the Company or any Subsidiary or any other Person and the Leased Real Property is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.
3.11 . (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company or a Subsidiary has good and valid title to all of the Owned Personal Property and a valid leasehold interest in all of the Leased Personal Property and the Leased Real Property (with quiet possession), in each case free and clear of all Encumbrances other than (x) Permitted Encumbrances and (y) Encumbrances securing only the Revolving Credit Obligations.
Title to Assets and Sufficiency of Assets
(b) The Owned Personal Property, the Company Intellectual Property, the Leased Personal Property, the Leased Real Property and the current assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries constitute all of the material assets used in or required to conduct the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries in substantially the same manner as it was being conducted during the year prior to the date of this Agreement.
3.12 . The prepaid assets of the Company set forth on the Financial Statements represent bona fide prepayments of expenses made by the Company or a Subsidiary, credit for which reasonably is expected to be afforded to the Company or the Subsidiary after the Closing by the Person(s) who received such payments in accordance with the applicable Contracts with such Person(s).
Prepaid Assets
3.13 . All of the accounts receivable of the Company and the Subsidiaries are set forth on Section 3.13 of the Disclosure Letter and represent actual indebtedness or other obligations incurred by the applicable account debtors and have arisen from bona fide transactions in the ordinary course of business. All of the accounts payable and accrued liabilities of the Company and the Subsidiaries were incurred in the ordinary course of the business for proper business purposes.
Accounts Receivable; Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
3.14 . (a) Section 3.14(a) of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete and accurate list of all the (i) Company Patents and Company Patent Applications, (ii) Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks, and (iii) registered Company Copyrights that (x) are included as part of, or otherwise distributed with or provided to any end user customer of, any product (or component thereof) that is developed, marketed, licensed, sold or otherwise made commercially available by, the Company or any Subsidiary, or (y) used by the Company or any Subsidiary in the development, operation or maintenance of any
Intellectual Property and Software
 
such products, and (iv) Company Net Names. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(a) of the Disclosure Letter, the Company and the Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, or otherwise possess legally enforceable rights to use, the Company Intellectual Property, free and clear of all Encumbrances (except for Permitted Encumbrances) or payments of any kind (excluding license fees or royalties that are set forth in writing and are payable in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the stated terms of a Material Contract). Neither the operation by the Company or any Subsidiary of the businesses presently conducted by them, including delivery of any product or service to a customer, nor the manufacture, use, importation, offer for sale or sale of any product or service by the Company or any Subsidiary, has at any time in the past interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated, or violated, nor now interferes with, infringes upon, misappropriates, or violates (a) the Intellectual Property rights, other than patent rights, of any Person, or (b) to the Knowledge of the Company, the rights of any Person under any patent. For purposes of this Section 3.14(a), where (i) the Company has Knowledge that a specifically identifiable feature developed or designed by or for the Company as part of a product or service it delivers to a customer (a "") performs a similar function in a similar manner as a specific feature of a product or service delivered by a Person owning rights in a patent, and (ii) a claim of such patent specifically covers the Company Feature, such patent is deemed to be within the Knowledge of the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written charge, complaint, claim, demand or notice alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation or violation (including any claim that the Company and/or a Subsidiary must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property rights of any Person relating to the Company Intellectual Property), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is aware of any Person interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating or violating any of the Company Intellectual Property.
Company Feature
(b) The Company and the Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidential and proprietary nature of the Company Intellectual Property including, where applicable, the use of confidentiality agreements with their employees and independent contractors who have, or have had in the past, access to confidential information of the Company and/or a Subsidiary and/or who were involved in the development of the products and/or any Intellectual Property for the Company or any Subsidiary at the time of employment and/or appointment as an independent contractor. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(b) of the Disclosure Letter, the Company and its Subsidiaries and all employees and independent contractors of the Company and its Subsidiaries who were involved in the development of the Company Intellectual Property for the Company or any Subsidiary have executed written contracts that assign to the Company and/or a Subsidiary all rights to any inventions, improvements, discoveries, tangible works or information relating to the businesses of the Company or such Subsidiary and all such Company Intellectual Property (each, a ""). Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(b) of the Disclosure Letter, no current or former employee or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary who was involved in the development of the Company Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary has excluded any such Company Intellectual Property from his or her Proprietary Rights Agreement. No current or former employee or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary has had or currently has any right, title or interest to any Company Intellectual Property.
Proprietary Rights Agreement
 
(c) All of the issued patents (except that identified in Section 3.14(c) of the Disclosure Letter) owned by or licensed to the Company or any Subsidiary or to which the Company or any Subsidiary otherwise claims an ownership interest (each, a ""), to the extent owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary, have been duly maintained (including payment of filing, examination and maintenance fees and proofs of working or use), are enforceable and, to the Knowledge of the Company, are valid and are not subject to any maintenance fees or Taxes or actions falling due after the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(c) of the Disclosure Letter, no Company Patent owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary has been or is now involved in any interference, reissue, or reexamination, or opposition proceeding, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there is no patent or patent application of any Person that will subject any such Company Patent or any pending patent application that has been filed by the Company or any Subsidiary or to which the Company or a Subsidiary otherwise claims an ownership interest (each, a ""), to any such action or proceeding. To the Knowledge of the Company, each Company Patent Application is in compliance with current formal legal requirements (including the written-description and enablement requirements of 35 U.S.C. 112 with respect to all claims that the Company or any Subsidiary has included or intends to include within the application), has been prepared and prosecuted in accordance with current standard patent practices, and is not subject to any maintenance fees or Taxes or actions falling due after the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(c) of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of the Company, (a) no Person is infringing upon or violating any Company Patent, (b) no Company Patent owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary has been challenged or threatened, and (c) no Company Patent Application has been challenged or threatened and, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no facts or circumstances that exist that may give rise to a challenge to any Company Patent Application. All products made, used or sold by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Company Patents have been marked with the proper patent notice. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice from any Person, other than an employee or agent of the Company or a Subsidiary, that states, indicates or would lead a reasonable person to believe that the patent protection sought under any Company Patent Application will be or may be denied, challenged or threatened. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(c) of the Disclosure Letter, none of the Company Patents owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any Encumbrances (except for Permitted Encumbrances).
Company Patent
Company Patent Application
(d) All trademarks, trade names, and service marks, both registered and unregistered, in which the Company or any Subsidiary claims an ownership interest therein or has been granted a license to use in connection with the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the ""), to the extent owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary, have been duly maintained, are enforceable and, to the Knowledge of the Company, valid, and are not subject to any maintenance fees, Taxes or actions falling due after the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business. None of the Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks is being, or to the Knowledge of the Company, is likely to be, challenged or threatened. All works of the Company or any Subsidiary containing the Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks have been marked with the proper notice. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Person is infringing upon or violating any Company Trademark, Trade Name or Service Mark. Except as otherwise provided in
Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks
 
Section 3.14(d) of the Disclosure Letter, none of the Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks is subject to any Encumbrances (except for Permitted Encumbrances).
(e) All copyrights in which the Company or any Subsidiary claims an ownership interest or has been granted a license to use in connection with the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries (each, a ""), to the extent owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary, have been duly maintained, are enforceable and, to the Knowledge of the Company, are valid, and are not subject to any maintenance fees or Taxes or actions falling due after the Closing Date other than in the ordinary course of business. To the Knowledge of the Company, no Company Copyright owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary: (x) is infringed by any other Person, or (y) has been challenged or threatened by any other Person. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(e) of the Disclosure Letter, none of the Company Copyrights owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any Encumbrances (except for Permitted Encumbrances).
Company Copyright
(f) With respect to each Trade Secret of the Company and each Subsidiary (each, a ""), the Company and/or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, has taken commercially reasonable measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all information the Company and/or each Subsidiary claims as a Company Trade Secret (including the enforcement by the Company and each Subsidiary of a policy requiring each employee or contractor to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements substantially in the form of the Company's and/or a Subsidiary's standard form of proprietary information and confidentiality agreement previously provided to Acquiror, and all current and former employees and contractors of the Company and each Subsidiary who have access, or have had access in the past, to any Company Trade Secret, have executed such an agreement). To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company Trade Secrets owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary are not part of the public knowledge or literature and have not been used, divulged or appropriated to the detriment of the Company or any Subsidiary. No Company Trade Secret owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary is subject to any adverse claim or has been challenged or threatened by any other Person.
Company Trade Secret
(g) Section 3.14(g) of the Disclosure Letter contains a complete and accurate list of the domain names, web addresses, email addresses, uniform resource locators and internet locators owned by, licensed to or used by the Company or any Subsidiary (each, a ""). All Company Net Names have been registered in the name of the Company or a Subsidiary, as appropriate, and have been duly maintained. No Company Net Name: (x) has been or is now involved in any dispute, opposition, invalidation or cancellation proceeding and no such action is threatened with respect to any Company Net Name, (y) has been challenged, or (z) is alleged by any other Person to interfere with the Intellectual Property rights of such Person. None of the Company Net Names is subject to any Encumbrances (except for Permitted Encumbrances).
Company Net Name
(h) To the extent that any of the Company Intellectual Property has been developed, created, modified or improved by a third Person (including any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary) specifically for the benefit of the Company or a Subsidiary, the Company and/or a Subsidiary, except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.14(h) of the Disclosure Letter, and such
 
third party have entered into a Contract that assigns to the Company and/or a Subsidiary ownership of such Company Intellectual Property (each of which is a valid and binding agreement of the parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with its terms), and the Company and/or a Subsidiary thereby has obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of such work, material or invention by operation of Law or by valid assignment, to the fullest extent it is legally possible to do so. The Company Trade Secrets or other Company Intellectual Property that are provided to the Company or any Subsidiary by third parties will continue to be provided to the Company and each Subsidiary on the same terms and conditions as currently exist.
(i) Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Company Intellectual Property to any third Person. Any portion of the Company Intellectual Property owned or purported to be owned by the Company or any Subsidiary developed jointly by Company or a Subsidiary or any of their employees and/or independent contractors with a third Person has been duly assigned to the Company or a Subsidiary and the Company and/or a Subsidiary thereby has obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of, such work, material or invention by operation of Law or by valid assignment, to the fullest extent it is legally possible to do so.
(j) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(j) of the Disclosure Letter, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incorporated or embedded any Open Source Material into, or combined Open Source Material with, the Company Intellectual Property. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has distributed any of the Company Intellectual Property as Open Source Material or used Open Source Materials in any manner such that the Open Source Materials grant, or purport to grant, to any Person any rights or immunities in or under the Company Intellectual Property (including using any such Open Source Material that requires, as a condition of use, modification, distribution, propagation or remote network interaction, that other software be (x) offered in source code form, or (y) redistributable at no charge). For purposes of this Agreement, the term "" means any software or other material that is distributed as "open source," "public domain," "free software" or under a similar licensing or distribution model.
Open Source Material
(k) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.14(k) of the Disclosure Letter, no events, acts or omissions have occurred that have resulted in, will result in or would result in the release to any third Person of any software source code of the Company or any Subsidiary. The execution, delivery, consummation and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not: (x) result in the release to any third Person of any software source code of the Company or any Subsidiary; or (y) give rise to any right of any party to any Material Contract to obtain any software source code of the Company or any Subsidiary.
(l) The Company has provided to Acquiror true and correct copies of: (i) all third party security assessments obtained by the Company with respect to the Company's systems that receive and store data from the Company's customers, and (ii) the Company's security procedures, including disaster recovery plans, with respect to such systems.
(m) The source code provided by the Company for review by Acquiror's independent review firm on November 26, 2010 included substantially all custom source code that the Company is required by Contract to support for its customers. The Company has adequate
 
professional services and customer service resources to provide support for this custom source code at the levels of business contemplated for 2011 in the business plan provided by the Company to Acquiror without additional expenditures other than as set forth in such plan. All software of the Company, both before and after the completion of the Code Scrub Requirements, conforms to and performs substantially in accordance in all material respects with all specifications, drawings, representations and warranties related to such software provided to the Company's customers.
3.15 . The Company has made available to Acquiror for Acquiror's inspection a list of the names and addresses of all current customers of the businesses currently conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, together with the type of services purchased by each, and the revenues from each, for 2008, 2009 and the nine month period ended September 30, 2010. The Company and the Subsidiaries have not made any express warranty with respect to any of their products or services other than the warranties set forth in Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Letter and substantially similar warranties included in agreements that are not Material Contracts.
Customers and the Business
3.16 . (a) Set forth in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Letter is an accurate and complete list of all Material Contracts in force and effect on the date of this Agreement. The Company has delivered to Acquiror a true and complete copy of each such Material Contract (other than Material Contracts with customers from which the revenues of the Company and the Subsidiaries were less than $200,000 in each of calendar years 2009 and 2010 and which are not described under any other clause of the definition of "Material Contracts" other than clause (v)). Each Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party is valid, binding and in full force and effect. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company is not in default under any such Contract; there has not occurred any event which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute such a default; and, to the Company's Knowledge: (i) no party to any Contract other than the Company is in default under any such Contract, and (ii) to the Company's Knowledge, no event has occurred which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute such a default by any such other party. To the Company's Knowledge, the Company has not received any notice from any party to a Material Contract of such party's intention to terminate such Material Contract. Except as set forth in Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Letter, no Contract with any customer provides for most favored nations pricing.
Material Contracts
(b) Any references to "Aprimo Marketing Solution product" in the Contracts listed in Section 3.16(b) of the Disclosure Letter refers only to Company's Aprimo Marketing Studio on Demand (software as a service) product and not any other product of the Company.
3.17 . Except as set forth in Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Letter, there is no litigation, action, arbitration or proceeding pending against the Company or any Subsidiary, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary. Except as set forth in Section 3.17 of the Disclosure Letter, there is no judgment, decree, injunction, rule or order of any Governmental Entity or arbitrator outstanding against the Company or any Subsidiary.
Litigation; Pending Decrees
 
3.18 . (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Letter, each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is in compliance, and has been in compliance for the two years ending on the date of this Agreement, in all material respects with all applicable Laws, judgments, orders, decrees and Permits of all Governmental Entities having jurisdiction over any of them (including, without limitation, zoning ordinances, building codes and occupational health and safety Laws, but excluding Environmental Laws), and, to the Knowledge of the Company: (i) no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary is pending or threatened, nor (ii) has any Governmental Entity indicated to the Company or any Subsidiary an intention to conduct such an investigation or review.
Legal Compliance; Permits and Licenses
(b) Except as set forth in Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Letter, each of the Company and the Subsidiaries holds all material Permits required for the operation of the businesses currently conducted by them (including, without limitation, all material Permits required by any Environmental Laws), all of which are valid and in full force and effect and are listed in Section 3.18 of the Disclosure Letter, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any written notice that any Governmental Entity which has issued any such material Permit intends to cancel, terminate or not renew any such material Permit nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, does any basis exist for any such cancellation, termination or nonrenewal of any such material Permit.
3.19 . (a) Except as set forth in Section 3.19(a) of the Disclosure Letter: (i) all Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary have been timely filed (taking into account any extension of time to file) and such Tax Returns have been accurately prepared; (ii) all Taxes due and payable pursuant to such Tax Returns or otherwise due and that are not disputed in good faith by the Company or any Subsidiary have been paid; (iii) no deficiency for any amount of Tax has been asserted or assessed by a Governmental Entity in writing against the Company or any Subsidiary that has not been satisfied by payment, settlement or withdrawn; (iv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has disputed the payment of any Tax during the year in which the Closing Date occurs and the completed three years preceding the Closing; (v) there are no Tax liens on the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for Taxes not yet due and payable); (vi) there are no outstanding waivers or agreements extending the statute of limitations for any period with respect to any Tax to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject and no requests for such waivers are pending; (vii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to nor has it any obligation under any Tax sharing, allocation or Tax indemnification agreement or arrangement, whether by Contract or otherwise (except for such an agreement or arrangement exclusivity between the Company and any wholly-owned Subsidiary); (viii) no claim, proceeding or contest of any refund in respect of Taxes is pending or on appeal from any Government Entity; (ix) since January 1, 2006, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has been a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code; (x) none of the Preferred Stock has features that would subject any amount to be taken into account pursuant to Section 305 of the Code; and (xii) none of the Warrants were issued for personal services that would cause any payments thereon to be treated as compensatory for Tax purposes.
Taxes
 
(b) Section 3.19(b) of the Disclosure Letter, sets forth the following information with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries: (i) the most recent Tax year through which any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over Taxes payable by the Company or any Subsidiary has completed its examinations of the Company and the Subsidiaries; (ii) whether there is a current or pending Tax examination by a Governmental Entity with respect to the Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary, and, if so, the Tax years involved; and (iii) a list of all jurisdictions with which the Company or any Subsidiary has a Tax abatement or other Tax reduction agreement in effect (copies of such Tax abatement and other Tax reduction agreements having been delivered to Acquiror).
(c) Except as set forth in Section 3.19(c) of the Disclosure Letter, since January 1, 2006, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) has been the subject of an audit, examination, investigation, or proceeding with respect to Taxes nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has received any oral communication that would cause a reasonable person to believe that a deficiency for Taxes will be asserted by a Governmental Entity and (ii) has received a deficiency notice or reports, written requests for information or documents, or written questionnaires in respect of any Tax matters, including without limitation, any such inquiry from any Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction where the Company or its Subsidiaries do not file Tax Returns.
(d) The Company has provided to Acquiror the following information: (i) as of December 31, 2009, the amount of any Tax attribute (e.g., net operating loss, net capital loss, unused investment, minimum, or other Tax credit, overall built-in loss or excess charitable contribution deduction) of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) complete and correct copies of the Company's and any Subsidiary's Tax Returns relating to federal and foreign income and gross receipts Taxes and to state income Taxes for each fiscal year ending in 2006 or thereafter; (iii) the entity classification for each Subsidiary as defined in Federal Income Tax Regulation Section 301.7701-2; and (iv) whether the Company or any Subsidiary has ever filed a consolidated or combined Tax Return for foreign, federal, state, or local Tax purposes with another Person (other than as part of the group the parent of which is the Company).
(e) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.19(e) of the Disclosure Letter, (i) no power of attorney which is currently in force has been granted by or with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any matter relating to Taxes; (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is (A) the lessee of property which the Company or any Subsidiary treats as owned for income Tax purposes or (B) is the lessor of property which the Company or any Subsidiary does not treat as owned for income Tax purposes; (iii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has engaged in a like-kind exchange within the meaning of Section 1031 of the Code or received cash proceeds in connection with an involuntary conversion within the meaning of Section 1033 of the Code, with respect to which the replacement property could be purchased on or after the Closing Date; (iv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has engaged in a "listed transaction" or "reportable transaction" within the meaning of Section 6011 of the Code and applicable Federal Income Tax Regulations thereunder (or a similar provision of state Law); (v) with respect to any compensation arrangements of the Company or any Subsidiary subject to 409A or 457A of the Code, the requirements of these provisions (including that the exercise price of any Option was not less than the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant in compliance with Federal Income Tax Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv)(B)) have been satisfied and
 
all necessary amendments to any arrangements subject to such provisions have been adopted so that no such deferred compensation has been or will be subject to federal income taxation prior to payment;(vii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is the owner of life insurance arrangements on the lives of any employee, director or independent contractor and, to the extent that the Company or any Subsidiary is the owner of any life insurance agreement, there is no borrowing against such policies; (viii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a party to a split-dollar life insurance arrangement, as defined in Federal Income Tax Regulation 1.61-22(b); and (ix) the Company and the Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all applicable laws relating to the withholding of Taxes; (x) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has participated in or cooperated with an international boycott within the meaning of Section 999 of the Code.
(f) No current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary is entitled pursuant to a contract or other obligation to receive any gross-up or additional payment in respect of any Taxes (including, without limitation, the Taxes required under Section 409A or Section 4999 of the Code) being imposed on such Person.
(g) Except as set forth in Section 3.19(g) of the Disclosure Letter: (i) no Non-U.S. Subsidiary: (a) has an investment in U.S. property within the meaning of Section 956 of the Code, (b) is engaged in a United States trade or business for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, or (c) is a passive foreign investment company within the meaning of the Code; (ii) no Non-U.S. Subsidiary is a "surrogate foreign corporation" within the meaning of Section 7874(a)(2)(B) of the Code or is treated as a U.S. corporation under Section 7874(b) of the Code; (iii) any check-the-box-election required to designate or change a Subsidiary's entity classification pursuant to the regulations (or other guidance) promulgated under Section 7701 of the Code has been timely made; (iv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has entered into advance pricing agreements or similar transfer pricing agreements with a Governmental Entity or Taxing authority, no transfer pricing matter involving one or more Subsidiaries has been resolved by a Governmental Entity, and no Governmental Entity has asserted that any price charged for any product or service provided to or by a Subsidiary was not an arm's length price or any interest rate charged on any loan made to or by a Subsidiary was not an arm's length interest rate; (v) the incorporation of any foreign branch by the Company or any Subsidiary will not result in income recognition pursuant to Section 367(a)(3)(C) of the Code; (vi) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code; (vii) no Subsidiary is a party to any "Gain Recognition Agreement" as such term is used in the Federal Income Tax Regulations promulgated under Section 367 of the Code; (viii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary engaged in a transaction that is subject to the dual consolidated loss rules of Section 1503(d) of the Code; (ix) all withholding Taxes resulting from cross border payments or transfers (or deemed payments or transfers) of any kind by the Company or any Subsidiary have been withheld by the Company or the Subsidiary and paid to the appropriate Governmental Entity.
(h) Except as set forth in Section 3.19(h) of the Disclosure Letter, the Company has delivered to Acquiror (i) complete and accurate copies of all audit reports, letter rulings, technical advice memoranda, and similar items obtained or received since January 1, 2006 relating to Taxes and, at the Closing, all Tax opinions obtained or received since January 1, 2006
 
will have been delivered and (ii) a description of each Tax item related to a Tax position of the Company that has been reflected on the financial statements of the Company pursuant to FASB Interpretation 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes for any period after January 1, 2006. The Company will deliver to Acquiror all such materials obtained or received after the date hereof and on or prior to the Closing Date.
3.20 . (a) The Company has delivered or made available to Acquiror true and complete copies of: (i) all Employee Plans existing as of the date of this Agreement or, in the case of any unwritten Employee Plan as of the date of this Agreement, a description thereof, including any amendment thereto, (ii) the most recent annual report on Form 5500 or such similar report, statement or information return required to be filed with or delivered to any Governmental Entity, if any, in each case, with respect to each Employee Plan, (iii) each trust, insurance, annuity or other funding Contract relating to any Employee Plan, and (iv) the most recent financial statements and actuarial or other valuation reports for each Employee Plan (if any).
Employee Plans
(b) All Employee Plans that are intended to be exempt from Taxes under Sections 401(a) or 501(a) of the Code have been the subject of, have timely applied for or have not been eligible to apply for, as of the date of this Agreement, determination letters or opinion letters (as applicable) from the IRS or a non-U.S. Governmental Entity (as applicable) to the effect that such Employee Plans and the trusts created thereunder are qualified and exempt from Taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code or other applicable Law, and no such determination letter or opinion letter has been revoked nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, has revocation been threatened, nor has any such Employee Plan been amended since the date of its most recent determination letter or opinion letter (or application therefor) in any respect that would adversely affect its qualification.
(c) Except for matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) no Employee Plan, other than any Company Pension Plan that is a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA (a ""), had, as of the respective last annual valuation date for each such Company Pension Plan, an "unfunded benefit liability" (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(18) of ERISA), based on actuarial assumptions that have been furnished to Acquiror, (ii) none of the Company Pension Plans has failed to meet any "minimum funding standards" (as such term is defined in Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived, (iii) no Employee Plan or related trust is the subject of any proceeding or, to the Knowledge of the Company, investigation by any Person, including any Governmental Entity, that could be reasonably expected to result in a termination of such Employee Plan or trust or any other material liability to the Company or any Subsidiary, (iv) there has not been any "reportable event" (as that term is defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and as to which the notice requirement under Section 4043 of ERISA has not been waived) with respect to any Employee Plan during the last six years and (v) none of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Company Commonly Controlled Entity has, or within the past six years had, contributed to, been required to contribute to, or has any liability (including "withdrawal liability" within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA) with respect to, any Company Multiemployer Pension Plan.
Company Multiemployer Pension Plan
 
(d) With respect to each Employee Plan that is an employee welfare benefit plan, such Employee Plan (including any Employee Plan covering retirees or other former employees) may be amended with the giving of notice thereunder to reduce benefits or limit the liability of the Company or the Subsidiaries or terminated with the giving of notice thereunder, in each case, without material liability to the Company and the Subsidiaries on or at any time after the Effective Time.
(e) Except for exceptions that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Employee Plan provides health, medical or other welfare benefits after retirement or other termination of employment (other than for continuation coverage required under Section 4980(B)(f) of the Code or applicable Law).
(f) Except for exceptions that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Employee Plan and its related trust, insurance contract or other funding vehicle has been administered in accordance with its terms and is in compliance with ERISA, the Code and all other Laws applicable to such Employee Plan.
(g) Except for exceptions that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: all contributions or other amounts payable by the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to each Employee Plan have been paid or accrued in accordance with the terms of such Employee Plan, GAAP and Section 412 of the Code (or any comparable provision under applicable non-U.S. Laws). Except as fully accrued or reserved against on the Company's financial statements in accordance with GAAP, there are no material unfunded liabilities (contingent or otherwise), solvency deficiencies or wind-up liabilities, where applicable, with respect to any Employee Plan.
(h) As of the date of this Agreement, except for exceptions that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there are no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, suits or proceedings by or on behalf of any participant in any of the Employee Plans, or otherwise involving any such Employee Plan or the assets of any Employee Plan, other than routine claims for benefits payable in the ordinary course.
(i) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.20(i) of the Disclosure Letter, none of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the obtaining of the Company Stockholder Approval or the consummation of the Merger, or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement (alone or in conjunction with any other event, including any termination of employment on or following the Effective Time) will: (i) entitle any current or former director, officer, employee, independent contractor or consultant of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries to any compensation or benefit, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or trigger any payment or funding, of any compensation or benefits or trigger any other material obligation under any Employee Plan or (iii) result in any breach or violation of, default under or limit the Company's right to amend, modify or terminate any Employee Plan.
3.21 . (a) Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Letter contains a complete and accurate list of: (i) the name, title or responsibility, and annual rate of compensation (including, without limitation, any incentive bonus opportunity) of each employee of the Company or any
Labor Matters
 
Subsidiary, indicating whether such employee is a full-time employee eligible for benefits, (ii) the name of all employees on any leave of absence from the Company or any Subsidiary, and (iii) any former employees of the Company or any Subsidiary, who, as of the date of this Agreement, are receiving or are entitled to receive continuation coverage under COBRA. The accrued liability of the Company and the Subsidiaries for compensation and benefits owed to employees is accurately set forth on the Company's books and records. Except as otherwise set forth on Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Letter: (i) the Company has not received written notice of any controversies pending between the Company, the Subsidiaries, and any of their respective employees before any Governmental Entity or any third party arbitrator, and (ii) no employee of the Company or any Subsidiary is represented by any labor union and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no labor union is attempting any such representation. Except as set forth on Section 3.21 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company and the Subsidiaries are in material compliance with all applicable Laws respecting employment, employment practices, employment terms and conditions and wages and hours and are not engaged in any unfair labor practice, and there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened charge, complaint or grievance against the Company or any Subsidiary related to any employment Law.
(b) The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain workers' compensation insurance with limits not less than those required under the Laws of each jurisdiction to which they are subject or are certified self-insurers under such Laws. All workers' compensation insurance maintained by the Company and the Subsidiaries is in full force and effect, and no payments with respect thereto are past due.
3.22 . Neither the Company or any Subsidiary, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Leased Real Property, has been, or is, in violation of or liable under any Environmental Law. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.22 of the Disclosure Letter: (i) there are no actions, suits, demands, notices, claims, or proceedings under any Environmental Law pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary or relating to the Leased Real Property, including without limitation, any notices, demand letters or requests for information from any Governmental Entity making inquiries relating to any Environmental Law or any notice that the Company or any Subsidiary is or may be a potentially responsible party under any Environmental Law, and (ii) there are no investigations pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any Subsidiary relating to the compliance of the Leased Real Property with any Environmental Law. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.22 of the Disclosure Letter, to the Knowledge of the Company: (i) the Leased Real Property has not been subject to any Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Substance, (ii) the Leased Real Property does not contain any Hazardous Substance, (iii) the Company and the Subsidiaries have no liability for costs to investigate, remove any contamination from or remediate any site pursuant to any Environmental Law, and (iv) there are not now nor has there ever been any underground storage tanks on the Leased Real Property.
Environmental Matters
3.23 . Set forth on Section 3.23 of the Disclosure Letter is a description (including applicable deductible amounts and limitations) of all insurance maintained by the Company and the Subsidiaries. The Company has delivered to Acquiror accurate and complete copies of all insurance policies currently in force and all prior insurance policies which may
Insurance
 
provide coverage for any pending or known but unasserted claims against the Company or any Subsidiary.
3.24 . Except pursuant to the Employee Plans, standard employee benefits made available in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or as otherwise described in Section 3.24 of the Disclosure Letter, no officer, director, employee or stockholder of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently a party, directly or indirectly, to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary including, without limitation, any contract, agreement or other arrangement: (a) providing for the furnishing of services (other than as an officer, director, employee or stockholder) to or by, (b) providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or (c) otherwise requiring payments to or from any such officer, director, employee or stockholder, any member of the family of any such officer, director, employee or stockholder, or any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any such officer, director, employee or stockholder has a substantial interest or which is an Affiliate of such officer, director, employee or stockholder.
Certain Transactions
3.25 . (a) Section 3.25(a) of the Disclosure Letter includes a true and correct list of: (i) all bank and savings accounts, certificates of deposit and safe deposit boxes of the Company and the Subsidiaries and the names of the Persons authorized to sign thereon, (ii) all powers of attorney granted by the Company and the Subsidiaries and the Persons authorized to act thereunder, and (iii) all officers and directors of the Company and the Subsidiaries.
Certain Business Relationships, Etc
(b) To the Knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, no key employee of the Company has indicated an intention to terminate his or her employment with the Company.
(c) To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no legal or factual basis for the other party to the Contract listed in Section 3.25(c) of the Disclosure Letter to claim or assert that the Company has an obligation to repay or refund any amount previously received by the Company with respect to such agreement and has not asserted any such claim or demand.
3.26 . Neither the Company, any Subsidiary nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any stockholder, officer, director, employee or agent acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has given or agreed to give any gift or similar benefit of more than nominal value to any customer, supplier, government employee or official or any other Person who is or may be in a position to help or hinder the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with any actual or proposed transaction, which gift or similar benefit: (i) is not reflected in the Financial Statements, (ii) constituted a violation of Law, a violation of a code of conduct or ethics adopted by the Company or any Subsidiary or a violation of a code of conduct or ethics with which the Company or any Subsidiary has agreed to comply, or (iii) if not given in the past might have materially and adversely affected the Company or any Subsidiary or which, if not continued in the future, might materially and adversely affect the Company or any Subsidiary.
Illegal Practices
3.27 . Except as otherwise described on Section 3.28 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company has not paid, nor is it obligated to pay, any fee or commission to
Certain Fees and Liabilities
 
any broker, finder, investment banker or intermediary in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
3.28 . The representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement or in any Ancillary Agreement to be executed and delivered by it and the information set forth in the Disclosure Letter do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.
Accuracy of Representations and Warranties
Acquiror and Merger Sub each represent and warrant to the Company as follows:
4.01 . (a) Acquiror is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Acquiror has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.
Corporate Organization
(b) Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted.
4.02 . Each of Acquiror and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any Ancillary Agreement to be executed and delivered by it, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Ancillary Agreement to be executed and delivered by it, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized and approved by all necessary corporate action on the part of Acquiror and Merger Sub. This Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to be executed and delivered by it has been duly executed and delivered by Acquiror and/or Merger Sub, as the case may be, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each, enforceable against each in accordance with their respective terms, in each case subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium and similar laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
Authority; Authorization; Enforceability
4.03 . Except as may result solely from any facts or circumstances relating to the Company or its Affiliates, if any, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Acquiror and/or Merger Sub nor the consummation by Acquiror and/or Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby nor compliance by Acquiror and/or Merger Sub with any of the provisions hereof will:
Consents and Approval; No Violation
(a) conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Acquiror or Merger Sub;
 
(b) violate, conflict with, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of, accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Acquiror or Merger Sub is a party or to which its properties or assets may be subject, except for such violations, conflicts, defaults, terminations or accelerations that would not individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the performance by Acquiror or Merger Sub of their respective obligations under this Agreement;
(c) violate any Law applicable to Acquiror or Merger Sub, or any of their respective properties or assets; or
(d) require any consent, approval, authorization or Permit of or from, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity.
4.04 . Except for fees and expenses payable by Acquiror to Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, neither Acquiror nor Merger Sub is obligated to pay any fee or commission to any broker, finder, investment banker or intermediary in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Certain Fees and Liabilities
4.05 . Acquiror or Merger Sub has, or has available to it, sufficient funds to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. If Acquiror is borrowing funds under its credit facilities to fund the payment of the Adjusted Merger Consideration, such credit facilities permit Acquiror to use such funds to pay the Adjusted Merger Consideration and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Financing
5.01 . (a) Except for matters set forth in the Disclosure Letter, as required by any Judgment or Law, as expressly permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement or with the prior written consent of Acquiror, from the date of this Agreement to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, conduct its business in the ordinary course and use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organization and preserve its relationship with key customers, suppliers and other Persons having business relationships with it. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for matters set forth in the Disclosure Letter, as required by any Judgment or Law, as expressly permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement or with the prior written consent of Acquiror, from the date of this Agreement to the earlier of the termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, do any of the following:
Conduct of Business
(i) (A) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock, other equity interests or voting securities, other than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect Subsidiary to the Company, one or more other direct or indirect Subsidiaries or any minority equityholder in a direct or
 
indirect Subsidiary (provided that any such dividends or distributions paid to such minority equityholders are no greater on a pro rata basis than those paid to the Company or a direct or indirect Subsidiary, as the case may be), (B) other than with respect to any wholly owned Subsidiary, split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any of its capital stock, other equity interests or voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or other equity interests or voting securities or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for its capital stock, other equity interests or voting securities, or (C) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any capital stock or voting securities of, or equity interests in, the Company or any Subsidiary or any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of, or equity interests in, the Company or any Subsidiary, or any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire any such capital stock, securities or interests, except any such transaction by the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary in respect of such capital stock, securities or interests in a wholly owned Subsidiary or, with the prior written consent of Acquiror (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned), from former employees, non-employee directors and consultants in accordance with agreements providing for the repurchase of capital stock in connection with termination of service;
(ii) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber or subject to any Encumbrance (other then pursuant to a credit facility of the Company existing on the date of this Agreement and disclosed in the Disclosure Letter): (A) any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of Options and Warrants or vesting and settlement of an RSU or conversion of the Preferred Stock, in each case, outstanding at the close of business on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their terms in effect at such time and the issuance of shares of capital stock of a wholly-owned Subsidiary to the Company or another wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, (B) any other equity interests or voting securities of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in the case of a Subsidiary, an issuance, delivery or sale to the Company or to any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, (C) any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, other than in the case of a Subsidiary, an issuance, delivery or sale to the Company or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, (D) any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in the case of a Subsidiary, an issuance, delivery or sale to the Company or any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or (E) any rights issued by the Company or any Subsidiary that are linked in any way to the price of any class of capital stock of the Company or any shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary, the value of the Company, any Subsidiary or any part of the Company or any Subsidiary or any dividends or other distributions declared or paid on any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary, other than in the case of a Subsidiary, an issuance, delivery or sale to the Company or to any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company;
 
(iii) (A) amend the Company Certificate or Company Bylaws or (B) amend the charter or organizational documents of any Subsidiary;
(iv) acquire or agree to acquire (A) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by purchasing all or a substantial equity or voting interest in, or by any other manner, any business or Person or division thereof or (B) any other assets other than immaterial assets acquired in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(v) sell, lease, license, sell and lease back, mortgage or otherwise encumber or subject to any Encumbrance or otherwise dispose of any of its material properties or assets (including any shares of capital stock, equity or voting interests or other rights, instruments or securities), except for (A) grants of nonexclusive licenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (B) sales of inventory or used equipment in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (C) Permitted Encumbrances incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(vi) (A) repurchase, prepay or incur any Indebtedness, including by way of a guarantee or an issuance or sale of debt securities, or issue and sell options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any Subsidiary, enter into any Contract to maintain any financial statement or similar condition of another Person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing or (B) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other than the Company or any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary other than travel and other advances made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(vii) except as required to comply with applicable Law or to comply with any Employee Plan (including any award agreement thereunder and any acceleration of vesting of Options and RSUs in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder) in effect as of the date of this Agreement: (A) establish, adopt, enter into, terminate or amend, or take any action to accelerate the vesting or payment of, any compensation or benefits under, any Employee Plan (or any award thereunder), (B) increase in any material respect the compensation or benefits of, or pay any discretionary bonus of any kind or amount whatsoever to, any current or former director, officer, employee or independent contractor of the Company or any Subsidiary, except for (x) performance bonuses pursuant to an Employee Plan in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (y) increases in regular cash compensation in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice for employees of the Company or any Subsidiary who are not officers, and (z) discretionary bonuses for employees of the Company (other than executive officers) not exceeding $75,000 in the aggregate (C) pay any benefit or amount not required under any Employee Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (D) grant or materially amend any award under any Employee Plan (including the grant or amendment of Options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance units, stock purchase rights or other equity or equity-based compensation) or remove or modify existing restrictions in any Employee Plan or awards made thereunder, (E) grant or pay any severance, separation,
 
change in control, compensation or benefits, except as required under any Employee Plan, (F) enter into any trust, annuity or insurance Contract or similar agreement or take any other action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any Employee Plan, (G) take any action to accelerate, or that could reasonably be expected to result in the acceleration of, the time of payment or vesting of any rights, compensation, benefits or funding obligations under any Employee Plan or otherwise (other than in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder), (H) make any material determination under any Employee Plan that is inconsistent with the ordinary course of business or past practice, or (I) enter into or amend any Contract with any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary;
(viii) form any Subsidiary;
(ix) enter into any Contract containing any provisions having the effect of providing that the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or compliance by the Company with the provisions of this Agreement will conflict with, result in any violation or breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, such Contract, or give rise under such Contract to any right of, or result in, a termination, material amendment, revocation, cancellation or material acceleration, or a loss of a material benefit or the creation of any material Encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or to any increased, guaranteed, accelerated or additional rights or entitlements of any Person, except to the extent such conflicts, results, defaults, rights, losses or entitlements are required by applicable Law.
(x) enter into any Contract containing any restriction on the ability of the Company or any Subsidiary to assign all or any portion of its rights, interests or obligations thereunder, unless such restriction expressly excludes any assignment to Acquiror and its Affiliates following the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(xi) engage in: (A) any trade loading practices or any other promotional sales or discount activity with any customers or distributors with the effect of accelerating to prior fiscal quarters (including the current fiscal quarter) sales to the trade or otherwise that would otherwise be expected to occur in subsequent fiscal quarters, (B) any practice which would have the effect of accelerating to prior fiscal quarters (including the current fiscal quarter) collections of receivables that would otherwise be expected to be made in subsequent fiscal quarters, (C) any practice which would have the effect of postponing to subsequent fiscal quarters payments by the Company or any Subsidiary that would otherwise be expected to be made in prior fiscal quarters (including the current fiscal quarter), or (D) any other promotional sales or discount activity, in each case in clauses (B), (C) and (D) in a manner outside the ordinary course of business or inconsistent with past practice;
(xii) make any change in financial accounting methods, principles or practices in any material respect, except insofar as may have been required by a change in GAAP after the date of this Agreement;
 
(xiii) (A) make any election with respect to Taxes that has a material effect or make any changes to any such election or existing election that has a material effect, or (B) settle or compromise any material Tax liability or refund, provided that the Company will notify Acquiror of the making or changing of any such election or settlement or compromise of such Tax liability or refund;
(xiv) file or amend any Tax Return that has a material effect other than in the ordinary course of business and on a basis consistent with past practices and applicable Law, or fail to pay any material amount of Taxes due and payable, provided that Company will notify Acquiror of any such amendment or failure to pay;
(xv) incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money, except for (A) Indebtedness in replacement of existing Indebtedness, (B) Indebtedness incurred under any credit facility of the Company in existence on the date hereof, or (C) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary payable to the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary;
(xvi) make any capital expenditures or acquisitions of material properties or assets which are, in the aggregate, greater than the amounts specified in the Capex Plan for the financial quarter in which such expenditures are made, except for unbudgeted capital expenditures to repair damage resulting from insured casualty events;
(xvii) settle any material claim or material litigation, in each case made or pending against the Company or any Subsidiary, other than the settlement of disputes, claims or litigation in respect of: health care insurance, products and services; group disability, life and accident insurance; workers' compensation case management and related services; products liability claims; and commutations of reinsurance agreements and resolutions of disputes concerning reinsurance agreements, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
(xviii) take any action or fail to take any action which action or failure to act would result in the material loss or material reduction in value of the Company Intellectual Property, individually or in the aggregate;
(xix) enter into, extend or renew (A) any Contract or amendment thereof which, if executed prior to the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Article 3 other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (other than a lease that would be capitalized under GAAP and other than any Contract referred to in clause (i), (vii), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii), (xiv), (xv), (xvi), (xvii) or (xviii) of the definition of "Material Contract" set forth in Section 12.01), (B) any Contract or amendment thereof that grants any Person the right or ability to access, license or use all or a material portion of the Company Intellectual Property, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (C) any Contract providing for the services of any dealer, distributor, sales representative or similar representative, provided, that solely for purposes of this clause (C) (and not clause (A) above) the Company may enter into, extend or renew any Contract providing for the services of any dealer, distributor, sales representative or similar representative; provided
 
that with respect to this clause (C), in each case such entry, extension or renewal is in the ordinary course of business and is consistent with past practice; or
(xx) authorize any of, or commit, resolve or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.
(b) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall take all action necessary: (i) to terminate the Company's 401(k) Savings Plan effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) to terminate all outstanding awards under the Company's Foundation equity program, and shall provide to Acquiror prior to or at the Effective Time evidence reasonably satisfactory to Acquiror establishing that all such actions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of this Section 5.01(b) have been taken.
6.01 . Subject to applicable Law, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, afford to Acquiror and to its representatives reasonable access during normal business hours in the period prior to the earlier of termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time to all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its respective Subsidiaries to, furnish promptly to Acquiror all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as Acquiror may reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company may withhold any document or information that is subject to the terms of a confidentiality agreement with a third party (provided that the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the required consent of such third party to such access or disclosure) or subject to any attorney-client privilege (provided that the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to allow for such access or disclosure (or as much of it as possible) in a manner that does not result in a loss of attorney-client privilege). If any material is withheld by the Company pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, the Company shall inform Acquiror as to the general nature of what is being withheld. All information exchanged pursuant to this Section 6.01 shall be subject to the Confidentiality Agreement.
Access to Information; Confidentiality
6.02 . (a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Acquiror and the Company each shall use reasonable best efforts to: (i) take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all things reasonable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable, (ii) as promptly as practicable, obtain from any Governmental Entity or any other third party any consents, licenses, Permits, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained or made by Acquiror or the Company or any Subsidiary in connection with the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) defend any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, (iv) as promptly as practicable, make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to this Agreement or the Merger required under any applicable Law and (v) execute or deliver any
Required Actions
 
additional instruments necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement. Acquiror and the Company shall cooperate with each other in connection with the making of all such filings, including providing copies of all such documents to the non-filing party and its advisors prior to filing and, if requested, accepting all reasonable additions, deletions or changes suggested in connection therewith. Acquiror and the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to furnish to each other all information required for any application or other filing to be made pursuant to any applicable Law in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(b) In connection with and without limiting Section 6.02(a), the Company and the Company Board shall: (i) take all action reasonably appropriate to ensure that no state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to this Agreement or any transaction contemplated by this Agreement, take all action reasonably appropriate to ensure that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement.
(c) In connection with and without limiting Section 6.02(a), Acquiror and the Company shall, as promptly as practicable and in no event later than five (5) Business Days after the date of this Agreement, file a Premerger Notification and Report Form in accordance with the HSR Act and make any other necessary registrations, declarations, notices or filings, if any, necessary for Closing under any other federal, state or foreign Law designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions for the purpose or effect of monopolization, restraint of trade or regulation of foreign investment (collectively ""). Acquiror and the Company shall cooperate and use reasonable best efforts, and cause each of their respective Subsidiaries to cooperate and use reasonable best efforts: (i) to secure the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act and any Consents of any Governmental Entity any other applicable Antitrust Laws as promptly as practicable and in any event prior to the Outside Date; (ii) to respond promptly to any requests of any Governmental Entity for information under any Antitrust Law and to resolve any objections asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement raised by any Governmental Entity, including any Second Request under the HSR Act; and (iii) to contest and resist any action, including any legislative, administrative or judicial action, and to prevent the entry of any court order and to have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any Judgment (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that restricts, prevents or prohibits the consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement under any Antitrust Laws. The parties shall promptly inform the other of any written or oral communication received from any Governmental Entity relating to the transactions contemplated hereby (and if in writing, furnish the other party with a copy of such communication, provided that if the party furnishing the copy designates it for outside counsel only, copies of the writings shall not be disseminated beyond outside counsel except with the permission of the party furnishing the same), and shall consult and cooperate with one another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection with any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, responses, arguments, opinions and proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of any party hereto in connection with proceedings under or relating to any Antitrust Law. Such cooperation shall include, but not be limited to, the parties: (x) providing, in the case of oral communications or meetings with a Governmental Entity,
Antitrust Laws
 
advance notice of any such communication or meeting and, whether or not initiated by a party, an opportunity for the other party to participate; (y) providing, in the case of written communications, an opportunity for the other party to comment on any such communication (including the incorporation of such reasonable comments) and provide the other with a final copy of all such communications (except for documents or information that reveal any party's negotiating objectives or strategies), which shall, where applicable, be provided under a joint defense agreement.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall Acquiror or any Affiliate be obligated to litigate or participate in the litigation of any suit, claim, action or proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, brought by any Governmental Entity: (A) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking to obtain from Acquiror or any of its Affiliates any damages in relation therewith; (B) seeking to prohibit or limit in any respect, or place any conditions on, the ownership or operation by the Company, Acquiror or any of their respective Affiliates of all or any portion of the business or assets or any product of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Acquiror or its Affiliates or to require any such Person to dispose of, license (whether pursuant to an exclusive or nonexclusive license) or hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets or any product of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Acquiror or its Affiliates, in each case as a result of or in connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (C) seeking to directly or indirectly impose limitations on the ability of Acquiror or any of its Affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of Company Stock or any shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's Affiliates, including the right to vote Company Stock or the shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's Affiliates on all matters properly presented to the stockholders of the Company, the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's Affiliates respectively, or (D) seeking to (1) directly or indirectly prohibit Acquiror or any of its Affiliates from effectively controlling in any respect any of the business or operations of the Subsidiaries or Acquiror's subsidiaries or (2) directly or indirectly prevent the Company or its Subsidiaries or Acquiror or any subsidiary of Acquiror from operating any of their business in substantially the same manner as operated immediately prior to the date of this Agreement, nor shall Acquiror or any Affiliate be obligated to agree to any of the foregoing actions nor enter into any Consent Agreement with, or other Order by, any Governmental Entity providing for any of the foregoing.
(e) In connection with the continuing operation of the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries between the date of this Agreement and the earlier of the termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time, subject to applicable Law, the Company shall consult in good faith on a reasonably regular basis with Acquiror to report material, individually or in the aggregate, operational developments, material changes in the status of relationships with customers and resellers, material changes in the status of ongoing operations and other matters reasonably requested by Acquiror pursuant to procedures reasonably requested by Acquiror; provided, however, that no such consultation shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other provision in this Agreement, or the obligations of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.
 
(f) Except as prohibited by applicable Law, the Company shall promptly notify Acquiror in writing of:
(i) the occurrence of any matter or event that (1) is, or that is reasonably likely to be, a Material Adverse Effect, or (2) has resulted, or is reasonably likely to result, in (I) any representation and warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue, (II) any such representation and warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue in any material respect, or (III) any condition to the transactions contemplated hereby and set forth in Section 7.03 not being satisfied;
(ii) the failure of the Company to perform in any material respect any obligation to be performed by it under this Agreement;
(iii) any written notice or other written communication from any Person (other than a Governmental Entity) alleging that notice to or consent of such Person is required in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the failure with which to comply would result in any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.03 not being satisfied;
(iv) any written notice or other written communication from any material customer, distributor or reseller to the effect that such customer, distributor or reseller is terminating or otherwise materially adversely modifying its relationship with Company or any Subsidiary as a result of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(v) any material written notice or other material written communication from any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and a copy of any such notice or communication shall be furnished to Acquiror;
(vi) any written filing or written notice made by the Company with any Governmental Entity in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and a copy of any such filing or notice shall be furnished to Acquiror; and
(vii) any actions, suits, claims, investigations or proceedings commenced or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Section 7.03(f) or that relate to the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(g) If any event occurs after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time without breach by the Company of any of its obligations under this Agreement and such event results in a representation or warranty of the Company set forth in Article 3 being inaccurate, and if inclusion of such event in one or more sections of the Disclosure Letter would cause such representation or warranty to be accurate (a ""), the Company may propose in writing to Acquiror to update one or more sections of the Disclosure
Change
 
Letter to reflect the Change (an ""). Following receipt of an Update Notice, Acquiror will make a reasonable good faith determination of whether the Change would reasonably be expected to cause the condition set forth in Section 7.03(a) not to be met, and as a result that the Acquiror would have a right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d) due to the occurrence of such Change were it not included in the Update Notice. If Acquiror determines that it would have a right to terminate under Section 8.01(d) due to the Change, Acquiror shall have the right to reject the Update Notice and terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to the Company pursuant to such Section 8.01(d); provided, however, that if Acquiror does not terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d) following such determination, then the sections of the Disclosure Letter referred to in the Update Notice, as modified by the Update Notice, shall be deemed to be part of the Disclosure Letter for all purposes of this Agreement as though included therein as of the date of this Agreement. If, on the other hand, Acquiror makes a good faith determination that the Change would not reasonably be expected to give rise to a right to terminate this Agreement under Section 8.01(d), it shall notify the Company of that fact, and Acquiror shall thereafter have the option of whether or not to accept the Update Notice, and if it does not accept the Update Notice, the representations or warranties that would have been modified thereby will not be modified. The Stockholder Representative will not be deemed to have agreed to any determination made by the Acquiror as to whether the Change gives rise to a right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d), and preserves his right to contest any determinations made by the Acquiror pursuant to this provision.
Update Notice
(h) Acquiror shall give prompt notice to the Company of: (A) any representation or warranty made by Acquiror or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate such that the condition set forth in Section 7.02(a) could not be satisfied or (B) the failure of Acquiror or Merger Sub to perform in any material respect any obligation to be performed by such party under this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.02(b) could not be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.
6.03 . Immediately after execution of this Agreement, the Company shall, in compliance with the DGCL, the Company Certificate and the Company Bylaws, at its election either: (i) convene a special meeting of the stockholders of the Company for the purpose of permitting the stockholders to consider and to vote upon adoption of this Agreement and approval of the Merger by the required vote (""), or (ii) solicit written consents of the stockholders of the Company to obtain the Company Stockholder Approval. The Company also shall use commercially reasonable efforts to: (x) solicit a stockholder vote approving the right of any "disqualified individual" (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code) to receive those "parachute payments" under Section 280G(b)(5) of the Code payable pursuant to a Contract between any such disqualified individuals and the Company or pursuant to an Employee Plan that are at and exceed three times such disqualified individual's "base amount" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3)) (the "), (y) cause the relevant disqualified individuals to execute waivers of the 280G Payments such that the vote determines their right to receive (or retain) the 280G Payments to the extent necessary pursuant to Federal Income Tax Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q/A-7, and (z) deliver to Acquiror all documentation with respect to such actions prior to such vote to allow Acquiror the opportunity
Stockholder Consent or Approval
Company Stockholder Approval
280G Payments"
 
to review. For purposes of this provision, the 280G Payments shall be calculated using the amounts and entitlements payable pursuant to any Contract in effect as of the date immediately prior to the signing of this Agreement.
6.04 . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any Subsidiary to, nor shall it authorize or permit any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiary or any investment banker, attorney, accountant or other advisor or representative of the Company or any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage or take any other action to knowingly facilitate, any Takeover Proposal or any inquiries or the making of the proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to a Takeover Proposal, or (ii) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person (or any representative thereof) any information with respect to or otherwise cooperate in any way with any Person (or any representative thereof) with respect to, any Takeover Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, "" means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person or group (other than Acquiror or Merger Sub or any of their Affiliates) relating to, or that could reasonably be expected to lead to, in one transaction or a series of transactions, any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation or dissolution involving the Company or any direct or indirect acquisition, including by way of any merger, consolidation, tender offer, exchange offer, stock acquisition, asset acquisition, binding share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture, license agreement or similar transaction, of (i) assets or businesses that constitute or represent 10% or more of the total revenue, net income, or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock or of any class of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in, one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Company which, in the aggregate, directly or indirectly hold the assets or businesses referred to in clause (i) above.
No Solicitation
Takeover Proposal
6.05 . All fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not such transactions are consummated.
Fees and Expenses
6.06 . The Company shall give Acquiror the reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against the Company or its directors relating to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and no such settlement shall be agreed to without the prior written consent of Acquiror, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
Transaction Litigation
6.07 . Acquiror shall consult with the Company and provide the Company with the reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger. The Company shall not issue any such press release or make any such public statement with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger without the Acquiror's consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except as reasonably may be required in connection with soliciting approval of the Merger by the holders of the Company Stock or as it may reasonably conclude may be required by applicable Law or court process.
Public Announcements
 
6.08 . Acquiror shall cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Obligations of Merger Sub
6.09 . (a) From the Effective Time through the sixth anniversary of the date on which the Effective Time occurs, each of Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation shall, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless each person who is now, or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor thereof (the "Company Indemnified Parties"), against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements, incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the Company Indemnified Party is or was an officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor thereof, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, for officers and directors of Delaware corporations. To the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, each Company Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advancement of expenses incurred in the defense of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation from each of Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation within five Business Days after receipt by Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation from the Company Indemnified Party of a request therefor.
Indemnification of Directors and Officers
(b) The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall contain, and Acquiror shall cause the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation to so contain, provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation of present and former directors and officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any predecessor thereof than are presently set forth in the Company Certificate and Company Bylaws.
(c) Acquiror shall cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain, at no expense to the beneficiaries, in effect for six years from the Effective Time the current or substantially equivalent policies of the directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by the Company with respect to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).
(d) In the event Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.09(d).
6.10 . (a) Until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the Company shall prepare and provide to Acquiror, as soon as practical and in any event not later than 15 Business Days after the end of each calendar month after the date of this Agreement, unaudited consolidated statements of operations, changes
Additional Financial Statements
 
in stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and the Subsidiaries for the month then ended and the year to date and a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries as at the end of such month, which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP (except for the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments) in a manner consistent with the manner in which the 2009 audited financial statements included in the Financial Statements were prepared.
(b) The Company shall prepare and provide to Acquiror, as soon as practical and in any event not later than February 15, 2011, audited consolidated statement of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows of the Company and the Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2010 and a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and the Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2010, which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, together with an unqualified opinion on such financial statements from Ernst & Young, LLP. In the event that the Effective Time will occur prior to such audited financial statements for 2010 are completed, the Company shall deliver to Acquiror prior to the Effective Time the most recent draft of such audited financial statements for 2010 to the extent prepared, which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, and after such delivery the Company shall have no further obligation under this Section 6.10(b).
6.11 . At the Closing, if requested by Acquiror, the Company shall deliver to Acquiror evidence reasonably satisfactory to Acquiror of the resignation of any or all the directors of the Company and any Subsidiary, effective at the Effective Time.
Resignation of Directors
6.12 . Prior to the Effective Time, Seller shall undertake and complete the requirements set forth in Section 6.12 of the Disclosure Letter (the "").
Code Scrub Cleanup
Code Scrub Requirements
6.13 . Acquiror and the Company shall use good faith efforts to select prior to the Effective Time (and, in any event, shall select within 90 days after the Closing Date) a mutually acceptable third party testing company to test the Company's Aprimo Marketing Studio on Demand product as described in Section 6.13 of the Disclosure Letter during the first quarter of 2011. Within 10 days after completion of the testing, Acquiror shall provide the results of such test (including all reasonable details provided by the testing company regarding such results) to the Person identified in Section 6.13 of the Disclosure Letter. If the results of the test show that the Company's Aprimo Marketing Studio On Demand product is not reasonably likely to meet in all material respects the standards set forth in Section 6.13 of the Disclosure Letter without the incurrence by the Company or Acquiror of expenses for capital equipment or engineering resources greater than those set forth in Section 6.13 of the Disclosure Letter, then Acquiror may make a Claim against the Escrow Amount pursuant to Section 9.02(c) in the amount of the reasonable expenses of the remediation required to modify the product to meet the standard set forth in Section 6.13 of the Disclosure Letter.
Scalability Testing
6.14 . At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall deliver to Acquiror a certificate of the Company certifying that the interests in the Company do not constitute United States real property interests within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code, and such certification shall otherwise be in compliance with Sections 897 and 1445 of the Code and in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to Acquiror.
Section 1445 Certificate
 
7.01 . The respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:
Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger
(a) . The Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.
Stockholder Approval
(b) . Any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired. Any other approval by a Governmental Entity or other waiting period under any other applicable Antitrust Law shall have been obtained or terminated or shall have expired.
Antitrust
(c) . No applicable Law and no Judgment, preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal restraint or prohibition (collectively, the "") shall be in effect that prevents the consummation of the Merger; provided, however, that a party seeking to rely on this condition to not complete the Closing shall have complied with its obligations under Article 6 in all material respects.
No Legal Restraints
Legal Restraints
7.02 . The obligation of the Company to consummate the Merger is further subject to the satisfaction or waiver (by the Company) at or prior to the Closing of the following conditions:
Conditions to Obligations of the Company
(a) . The representations and warranties of Acquiror and Merger Sub contained herein that are qualified as to materiality shall be true and correct (as so qualified), and the representations and warranties of Acquiror and Merger Sub contained herein that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made as of the Closing Date, except that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified date will be determined as of such date. The Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of each of Acquiror and Merger Sub by an authorized signatory of each of Acquiror and Merger Sub to such effect.
Representations and Warranties
(b) . Acquiror and Merger Sub shall have performed, in all material respects, all covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of each of Acquiror and Merger Sub by an authorized signatory of each of Acquiror and Merger Sub, respectively, dated the Closing Date, certifying to such effect.
Performance of Obligations of Acquiror and Merger Sub
7.03 . The obligation of Acquiror and Merger Sub to consummate the satisfaction or waiver (by Acquiror) at or prior to the Closing is further subject to the following conditions:
Conditions to Obligation of Acquiror
 
(a) . The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein that are qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct (as so qualified), and the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein that are not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, in each case of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made as of the Closing Date, except that the accuracy of representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of a specified date will be determined as of such date. Acquiror shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company to such effect.
Representations and Warranties
(b) . The Company shall have performed, in all material respects, all material covenants and obligations contained in this Agreement required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Acquiror shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the Company dated the Closing Date, certifying to such effect.
Performance of Obligations of the Company
(c) . Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any event or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had a Material Adverse Effect.
Absence of Material Adverse Effect
(d) . The number of Common Stock Equivalents represented by Appraisal Shares for which demands for appraisal have not been withdrawn shall not exceed 3.5% of the Fully Diluted Shares.
Appraisal Shares
(e) . The consents and approvals listed in Section 7.03(e) of the Disclosure Letter shall have been obtained.
Required Consents
(f) . There shall not be pending any claim, suit, action or proceeding brought or threatened by any Governmental Entity (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger or challenging this Agreement, or seeking to obtain from Acquiror or any of its Affiliates any damages that are material, individually or in the aggregate, in relation to the value of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any respect, or place any conditions on, the ownership or operation by the Company, Acquiror or all or any of their respective Affiliates of all or any portion of the business or assets or any product of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Acquiror or its subsidiaries or to require any such Person to dispose of, license (whether pursuant to an exclusive or nonexclusive license) or hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets or any product of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Acquiror or any of its subsidiaries, in each case as a result of or in connection with the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) seeking to impose limitations on the ability of Acquiror or any of its Affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any shares of Company Stock or any shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's subsidiaries, including the right to vote Company Stock or the shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's subsidiaries on all matters properly
No Litigation
 
presented to the stockholders of the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any of Acquiror's subsidiaries, respectively, or (iv) seeking to (A) prohibit Acquiror or any of its Affiliates from effectively controlling in any respect any of the business or operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of the subsidiaries of Acquiror or (B) prevent the Company or its Subsidiaries or any subsidiary of Acquiror from operating any of their respective businesses in substantially the same manner as operated prior to the date of this Agreement.
8.01 . This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval:
Termination
(a) by mutual written consent of the Company and Acquiror;
(b) by action of the Company Board or Acquiror if:
(i) the Merger is not consummated on or before March 31, 2011 (the ""); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose failure to perform or observe in any material respect any of its obligations under this Agreement in any manner shall have been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Merger to occur on or before the Outside Date; and provided further, that if the only condition to Closing under Article 7 that has not been satisfied on or before the Initial Date (except any conditions that are expected to be satisfied at Closing) is the expiration or early termination of the waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act, or the approval by a Governmental Entity or termination or expiration of a waiting period under any other applicable Antitrust Law, then the right to terminate this agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party prior to June 30, 2011 (the "");
Initial Date
Outside Date
(ii) the condition set forth in Section 7.01(c) is not satisfied and the Legal Restraint giving rise to such non-satisfaction shall have become final and non-appealable, provided that the terminating party shall have complied with its obligations under Article 6 in all material respects;
(iii) the Company Stockholder Approval is not obtained within six hours after execution of this Agreement;
(c) by the Company, if Acquiror or Merger Sub breaches or fails to perform any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, or if any of the representations or warranties of Acquiror or Merger Sub contained herein fails to be true and correct, which breach or failure: (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Sections 7.02(a) or 7.02(b), and (ii) is not reasonably capable of being cured by the Outside Date or, if reasonably capable of being cured, Acquiror or Merger Sub, as the case may be, is not diligently attempting, or has ceased to diligently attempt, to cure such breach or failure after receiving written notice from the Company (provided that the
 
Company is not then in breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and no representation or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement then fails to be true and correct such that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.03(a) or 7.03(b) could not then be satisfied); or
(d) by Acquiror, if the Company breaches or fails to perform any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, or if any of the representations or warranties of the Company contained herein fails to be true and correct, which breach or failure: (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Sections 7.03(a) or 7.03(b), and (ii) is not reasonably capable of being cured by the Outside Date or, if reasonably capable of being cured, the Company is not diligently attempting, or has ceased to diligently attempt, to cure such breach or failure after receiving written notice from Acquiror (provided that Acquiror and Merger Sub is not then in breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement and no representation or warranty of Acquiror or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement then fails to be true and correct such that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.02(a) or 7.02(b) could not then be satisfied).
8.02 . In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Acquiror or the Company as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of any party hereto except with respect to this Section 8.02 and Article 11, which provisions shall survive such termination indefinitely; provided, however, that no such termination (or any provision of this Agreement) shall: (i) relieve any party from liability for any damages for fraud or any willful and material breach by a party of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement, or (ii) have any effect on the Confidentiality Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.
Effect of Termination
8.03 . This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, (i) there shall be made no amendment that by Law requires further approval by the stockholders of the Company without the further approval of such stockholders, (ii) no amendment shall be made to this Agreement after the Effective Time, and (ii) except as provided above in this Section 8.03, no amendment of this Agreement shall require the approval of the stockholders of the Company. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.
Amendment
8.04 . At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, (c) waive compliance with any covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, or (d) waive the satisfaction of any of the conditions contained in this Agreement. No extension or waiver by Acquiror shall require the approval of the stockholders of the Company unless such approval is required by Law. Any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not constitute a waiver of such rights.
Extension; Waiver
 
8.05 . A termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01, an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.03 or an extension or waiver pursuant to Section 8.04 shall, in order to be effective, require, in the case of the Company, action by the Company Board, or the duly authorized designee of the Company Board and, in the case of Acquiror or Merger Sub, a duly authorized officer. Termination of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time shall not require the approval of the stockholders of the Company.
Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver
9.01 . The representations and warranties in this Agreement and in any agreement or certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Closing and shall terminate and expire on the Expiration Date. A Claim Notice with respect to an Indemnity Claim or a Tax Claim must be given prior to the Expiration Date, and after such date the Acquiror Group shall have no further right to make any Indemnity Claim, Tax Claim or an Offset with respect thereto (except to the extent a Claim Notice with respect to such Claim was given prior to such date).
Survival of Representations and Warranties; Limitation on Claims
9.02 . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Article 9 and Section 10.05, from and after the Effective Time, Acquiror's claim against the Escrow Amount shall be the sole and exclusive source of funds available to compensate and reimburse Acquiror, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation, and/or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers and employees and the predecessors, successors and/or assigns of any of them (including, following the Effective Date, the Company) (collectively, the "") for the amount of all demands, claims, actions or causes of action, judgments, costs of settlement, assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) (collectively, ""), asserted against, resulting from, imposed upon or incurred by any member of the Acquiror Group and which arise or are alleged to arise from, by reason of or resulting from, directly or indirectly (each, an "") any of the following:
Indemnification Claims
Acquiror Group
Damages
Indemnity Claim
(a) any misrepresentation or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty of the Company contained in this Agreement (other than Section 3.19);
(b) any breach by the Company prior to the Effective Time of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this Agreement (other than in respect of Tax Claims);
(c) solely with respect to Claims asserted on or before December 31, 2011, any Claims made pursuant to Section 6.13;
(d) any failure by the Company to obtain prior to the Closing the consents and approvals listed in Section 9.02(d) of the Disclosure Letter (provided that any Indemnity Claim under this Section 9.02(d) shall be limited to the Damages directly attributable to such failure, without regard to any revenue anticipated from any renewals of, or
 
replacement Contracts for, the Contracts listed in Section 9.2(d) of the Disclosure Letter); and
(e) any demand, claim, action, cause of action or the like made by any Person claiming to be an owner of any equity interest, stock or Purchase Rights of the Company which arises out of, or is based upon, having been the owner of any such interest, stock or Purchase Rights prior to the Closing (including, without limitation, under applicable securities Laws), and any costs and expenses related to the defense of any action, suit or proceeding with respect to Appraisal Shares under the DGCL.
9.03 . (a) Any Claim asserted by a member of the Acquiror Group shall be valid only if the Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation (for and on behalf of such member of the Acquiror Group) notifies the Stockholder Representative in writing reasonably promptly after Acquiror determines that it has a reasonable basis for the Claim (a "Claim Notice"). Each Claim Notice shall specify the nature of the Claim, the applicable provision(s) of this Agreement under which the Claim arises and, if practicable, the amount of, or an estimate amount of, the Damages. No failure or delay in giving a Claim Notice and no failure to include any specific information or any reference to any provision of this Agreement under which the Claim arises shall affect the rights of a member of the Acquiror Group under this Agreement. Acquiror or the Surviving Corporation may send a copy of any Claim Notice to the Escrow Agent in accordance with the Escrow Agreement.
General Procedures Applicable to Claims
(b) In the event of the assertion or commencement by any Person of any demand, claim, action, cause of action or the like (whether against the Surviving Corporation, against Acquiror or against any other member of the Acquiror Group) for which a member of the Acquiror Group asserts an Indemnity Claim (a ""), the aggrieved member of the Acquiror Group (the "") shall inform the Stockholder Representative of all material details regarding such Third Party Claim known to the Third Party Indemnitee. The Stockholder Representative shall have the right, at his own expense, to participate in the defense of the Third Party Claim with counsel of his choice but without any right to control such defense. The Third Party Indemnitee shall not pay, or permit to be paid, any settlement of any Third Party Claim without the consent of the Stockholder Representative (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned). In the event of any Claim pursuant to this Article 9 (including any Third Party Claim), Acquiror shall provide, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, the Stockholder Representative with reasonable access to the Surviving Corporation's personnel, assets, books and records, Tax Returns, work papers and any other documents and information relating to such Claim as the Stockholder Representative reasonably may request. Notwithstanding this Section 9.03(b), Section 10.03 shall govern any contest with respect to Taxes with any Governmental Entity.
Third Party Claim
Third Party Indemnitee
9.04 . The Escrow Amount shall be the sole and exclusive source of recovery for Claims under this Agreement. Except for remedies that cannot be waived as a matter of Law and for injunctive and provisional relief, from and after the Closing, this Article 9 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for breaches of this Agreement and any and all Claims arising thereby (including any covenant, obligation, representation or warranty contained in this Agreement or in the Escrow Agreement). Recovery for any Claims with respect to remedies that cannot be waived as a matter of Law shall, in all events, be made first against the Escrow
Limitation of Liability
 
Amount and liability for any Claims in excess of the Escrow Amount shall be several and not joint among the Securityholders and limited to the Per Share Closing Payments and Per Share Deferred Payment(s) received by each such Securityholder.
9.05 . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 9 or Article 10, members of the Acquiror Group shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Section 9.02 or Section 10.01(a) with respect to: (i) (A) any misrepresentation or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty (other than a misrepresentation or inaccuracy of the representations and/or warranties set forth in Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03 and 3.11) or (B) any Tax Claim, except to the extent that the aggregate amount of Damages suffered or incurred by members of the Acquiror Group exceed, on a cumulative basis, $1,000,000 (the ""), but once the Basket Amount is exceeded, then the Acquiror Group shall be entitled to indemnification with respect to all such Damages, including the Basket Amount, or (ii) any matter for which a reserve or liability is included in the final Closing Statement (to the extent of the reserve or liability so included in the final Closing Statement).
Basket Amount
Basket Amount
9.06 . (a) The Acquiror Group shall not be entitled to indemnification to the extent that any Damages incurred by the Acquiror Group are reduced by the proceeds of any insurance actually received by the Acquiror Group (up to the amount of the coverage that would have been available with respect to such Damages under the insurance maintained by the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time) net of: (i) the reasonable costs and expenses incurred in obtaining payment of such insurance proceeds, and (ii) any retroactive premium adjustments with respect to such insurance as a result of such claim.
Insurance Proceeds
9.07 . Except as provided in Section 2.05 with respect to any Adjustment Claims, Acquiror's right to reimbursement from the Escrow Amount with respect to any Claim shall be final 30 days after Acquiror gives the Claim Notice to the Stockholder Representative and the Escrow Agent, unless within such 30-day period the Stockholder Representative sends Acquiror a written notice objecting to the Claim. To the extent the Stockholder Representative so disputes any Claim, Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such Claim and, unless such Claim is resolved by mutual agreement between Acquiror and the Stockholder Representative within 30 days after such notice of objection is given either Acquiror or the Stockholder Representative may refer such Claim: (i) if the amount of the Claim is $1,000,000 or more, for arbitration in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to Title 10, Section 349 of the Delaware Code, or (ii) if the amount of such Claim is less than $1,000,000, to the American Arbitration Association to be settled by arbitration conducted before a single arbitrator in (A) Dayton, Ohio, if the arbitration is sought by the Stockholder Representative, (B) in Indianapolis, Indiana, if the arbitration is sought by Acquiror or another member of the Acquiror Group, or (C) such other location as the parties may agree in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator shall be instructed to deliver his award to Acquiror, the Stockholder Representative and the Escrow Agent. The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties, and judgment upon the award of the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. No party shall be entitled to, and the arbitrator shall not be permitted to award, punitive damages. The fees and expenses of the arbitrator shall be apportioned between the parties by the arbitrator in accordance with the findings and results of the arbitration. Any award shall be a conclusive determination of the disputed matter, shall be
Claims Against the Escrow Amount; Arbitration
 
final and binding upon the parties and shall not be contested by the parties. The determination of whether withholding consent is reasonable or unreasonable as provided in the last sentence of Section 10.02(a) and the next-to-last sentence of Section 10.03 shall be deemed to be a Claim for purposes of this Section 9.07.
9.08 . For purposes of determining the extent of and limitations on indemnification under this Agreement, the amount of any Damages that may be subject to indemnification under this Agreement will be determined net of any Tax Benefit.
Tax Benefits
10.01 . (a) Subject to Section 9.05 and Section 10.05, Acquiror may make a Claim (a "") against the Escrow Amount for Damages relating to, asserted against, resulting from, imposed upon or incurred by any member of the Acquiror Group and which arise or are alleged to arise from, by reason of or resulting from, directly or indirectly, any of the following: (i) all Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to Pre-Closing Tax Periods; (ii) all Taxes of the Company or any Subsidiary under Federal Income Tax Regulation 1.1502-6 (or comparable provisions of state or local law or regulation) solely as a result of the Company or any Subsidiary having filed Tax Returns before the Closing Date on a consolidated, combined or unitary basis with any other Person; (iii) Taxes of any other Person for which responsibility is on the Company or any Subsidiary by Contract or otherwise; and (iv) any misrepresentation or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made by the Company or any Subsidiary in Section 3.19 and any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company with respect to Taxes contained in this Agreement, except to the extent such liabilities are otherwise indemnified pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i)(iii). For purposes of this Section 10.01(a), Taxes relating to Company and a Subsidiary shall include any Taxes imposed on a predecessor entity and which the Company or Subsidiary is treated as a successor.
Indemnification Obligations With Respect to Taxes
Tax Claim
(b) For purposes of this Article 10, whenever it is necessary to determine the liability for Taxes of the Company for a Straddle Period, the determination of the Taxes for the portion of the Straddle Period ending on and including the Closing Date ("") and the portion of the Straddle Period beginning after the Closing Date shall be determined by assuming that the Straddle Period consists of two taxable years or periods, one of which ends at the close of the Closing Date and the other of which begins at the start of the day following the Closing Date, and items of income, gain, deduction, loss or credit, and state and local apportionment factors of the Company for the Straddle Period shall be allocated between such two taxable years or periods on a "closing of the books basis;" , , (i) exemptions, allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis, such as the deduction for depreciation; and (ii) Ad Valorem taxes, such as real and personal property taxes, shall be apportioned ratably between such periods on a daily basis.
Pre-Closing Straddle Period
provided
however
10.02 . (a) With respect to all taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date and any Straddle Period for which a Tax Return is required to be filed on or after the Closing Date (a ""), Acquiror will be responsible for and will cause to be prepared and duly filed all income Tax Returns of the
Tax Returns and Payment Responsibility
Pre-Closing Tax Return
 
Company and any Subsidiary and all consolidated, combined or unitary Tax Returns that include the Company and any Subsidiary. Acquiror shall provide the Stockholder Representative with a copy of any Tax Return filed after the Closing Date that reflects operations and Taxes relating only to the Company or any Subsidiary (including a pro forma, if necessary) for any periods (including Straddle Periods) ending on or before the Closing Date but only if Acquiror makes a Tax Claim against the Escrow Amount pursuant to Section 10.01(a) with respect to any such period. The Acquiror shall not be permitted to make a Tax Claim against the Escrow Amount with respect to any Tax Return that it is responsible to file pursuant to this Section 10.02 if such Claim stems from taking a position on such a return that is not consistent with prior practice (unless required by Law) or stems from making an election under Federal Income Tax Regulation Section 1.1502-76(b)(2)(ii)(D). Any and all properly deductible Company Expenses shall be deducted in the Tax period of the Company ending on the Closing Date and Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-76(b)(1)(ii)(B) shall not apply to any such payments. For purposes hereof, "Company Expenses" shall mean the amounts payable in respect of Equity Awards pursuant to this Agreement and the employer portion of any payroll, social security, unemployment and any similar Taxes relating to payments to the holders of Equity Awards. To the extent that any Company Expenses are not permitted to be so deducted by applicable Law, they shall be deducted as soon as possible after the Closing. If any such deduction creates or increases a net operating loss of the Company, such net operating loss first shall be carried back to previous years to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law (and Acquiror shall not make an election under Section 172(b)(3) of the Code to waive the carryback of any such net operating loss) and then shall be carried forward to the greatest extent permitted by applicable Law. Neither the Acquiror nor the Company shall amend, modify or otherwise change any such Pre-Closing Tax Return without the prior consent of the Stockholder Representative if such amendment, modification or change could give rise to an indemnifiable claim under Section 10.01(a), which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, subject to a resolution of whether withholding consent is reasonable or unreasonable made pursuant to Section 9.07, if challenged by Acquiror.
(b) All Tax Returns that are to be prepared and filed by Acquiror pursuant to the preceding paragraph and that relate to Taxes for which a Tax Claim is made by Acquiror pursuant to Section 10.01(a) shall be submitted to the Stockholder Representative not later than 15 days prior to the due date for the filing of such Tax Returns (or, if such due date is within 45 days following the Closing Date, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date).
(c) Consolidated Return. The Acquiror shall file a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return for the affiliated group (within the meaning of Code Section 1504) that will include the Company and its Subsidiaries for periods starting after the Closing Date. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, as a consequence of the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) the taxable year of the Company shall close for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the end of the day on the Closing Date, (ii) to the extent applicable Law in other taxing jurisdictions so permits, the taxable year of the Company shall close at the end of the day on the Closing Date, and (iii) all federal, state, provincial, local and foreign Tax Returns shall be filed consistently on the foregoing basis.
 
(d) The Acquiror shall not be permitted to make a Tax Claim against the Escrow Amount for any Tax liability resulting from an election made under Section 338(g) of the Code in connection with the Merger.
(e) Cooperation; Audits. In connection with the preparation of Tax Returns, audit examinations, and any proceedings relating to the Tax liabilities imposed on the Company or a Subsidiary for which a Tax Claim could be made, Acquiror or the Company, on the one hand, and the Stockholder Representative, the Securityholders, on the other hand, shall cooperate fully with each other, including the furnishing or making available during normal business hours of records, personnel (as reasonably required), books of account, powers of attorney or other materials necessary or helpful for the preparation of such Tax Returns, the conduct of audit examinations or the defense of claims by Taxing Authorities that could relate to a Tax Claim.
10.03 . The Stockholder Representative can elect to represent the interests of the Company (in a good faith manner) in any Tax audit or administrative or court proceeding relating to any Tax for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date (including a Straddle Period) for which a Tax Claim against the Escrow Amount could be made under Section 10.01(a), and to employ counsel of its choice, at its expense, to defend the position against the Governmental Authority provided that the Stockholder Representative shall summarize the course of any such action and the Acquiror can participate in any such action at its expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Stockholder Representative shall not be entitled to settle, either administratively or after the commencement of litigation, any Tax Claim regarding Taxes of the Company or a Subsidiary that would be paid from the Escrow Amount without the prior written consent of the Acquiror, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, subject to a resolution of whether withholding consent is reasonable or unreasonable made pursuant to Section 9.07, if challenged by the Stockholder Representative. With respect to any Tax matter relating to a Pre-Closing Tax Period for which a Tax Claim will not be made, Acquiror shall have the sole right to represent the interests of the Company and any Subsidiary.
Contest Provisions
10.04 . All Adjustment Claims and Indemnity Claims shall be treated as an adjustment to the amount paid for the Securities for tax purposes.
Tax Treatment of Post-Closing Adjustments
10.05 . Acquiror shall be entitled to make a Tax Claim against the Escrow Amount only to the extent that Acquiror has to make a payment to any Governmental Authority (or to any Person as reimbursement for a payment made to a Governmental Authority) with respect to a Pre-Closing Tax Period and only to the extent that the amount of such Tax Claim exceeds the amounts included in the calculation of the final Working Capital Adjustment with respect to such item. A Tax Claim shall include all reasonable attorneys' and accountants' fees, costs and other out-of-pocket expense incurred by Acquiror in connection with the matters covered by the Tax Claim.
Limitation
10.06 . Anything in any other agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company and each Subsidiary shall take action to cease and terminate, any Tax allocation or Tax Sharing Agreement (other than between the Company and any wholly-owned Subsidiary) effective at the Effective Time, and all obligations thereunder
Termination of Tax Sharing Agreements
 
shall terminate and no additional payments shall be made under any such allocation or agreement after the Effective Time, except with respect to any claims in effect as of such termination.
11.01 . (a) Mark Koulogeorge (the "Stockholder Representative") shall be authorized and empowered to fulfill the role of Stockholder Representative under this Agreement. In the event of the death, resignation or incapacity of the Stockholder Representative, his or her successor shall be appointed by a majority in interest of the holders of Company Stock (determined as of immediately prior to the Effective Time) within 30 days of such death, resignation or incapacity. A resignation of the Stockholder Representative shall not be effective until a successor Stockholder Representative has been appointed, and has accepted such appointment. The decisions and actions of any successor Stockholder Representative shall be, for all purposes, those of a Stockholder Representative as if originally named herein.
Stockholder Representative
(b) The Stockholder Representative hereby is irrevocably constituted and appointed: (i) to take all actions on behalf of the Securityholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements, (ii) to administer, receive and distribute all payments and distributions, (iii) to receive, respond to and settle all other notices, communications and matters directed to the Securityholders under this Agreement or an Ancillary Agreement, (iv) to take any action (or to determine to take no action) with respect to this Agreement or an Ancillary Agreement or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, an Ancillary Agreement or any of the foregoing enumerated matters, and (v) to execute and deliver all instruments and documents of every kind incident to the foregoing for all intents and purposes and with the same effect as the Securityholders could do personally.
(c) The death or incapacity of any Securityholder shall not terminate the authority and agency of the Stockholder Representative.
(d) The Stockholder Representative shall not be liable to any holder of any Securities or for any act done or omitted under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement, in its capacity as Stockholder Representative. The Securityholders shall severally indemnify the Stockholder Representative and hold him harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Stockholder Representative and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of his duties hereunder, including any out-of-pocket costs and expenses and legal fees and other legal costs reasonably incurred by the Stockholder Representative. The Company shall be entitled to deposit a total of $100,000 from amounts otherwise payable to the Securityholders pursuant to this Agreement to an account (which may be non-interest bearing) maintained by the Stockholder Representative (the "Expense Fund") for the fees and expenses of the Stockholder Representative incurred in connection with this Agreement. At the discretion of the Stockholder Representative, any balance of the Expense Fund not used for payment of fees and expenses as described above will be returned to the Securityholders based on their respective pro rata share of the of the Adjusted Merger Consideration paid pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(e) The Stockholder Representative may elect to receive payments, exclusively from the Deferred Payment Amount(s) payable to the Securityholders Affiliated with the Stockholder Representative and actually available for distribution (after payment of any Claims and subject to any Claim Reserve), in an amount equal to the proceeds necessary to ensure (i) reimbursement of all expenses, direct and indirect, related to serving on the Company Board not reimbursed by the Company as of the Effective Date and (ii) director compensation in an amount equal to all other non management members of the board of directors. The Stockholder Representative shall present to the Escrow Agent a statement of such amounts, together with a certification from the Affiliated Securityholders that they agree with such payment amounts. To the extent the Deferred Payment(s) payable to the Securityholders Affiliated with the Stockholder Representative are not sufficient to pay such amounts in full, there shall be no obligation on the part of the Escrow Agent to pay any such excess amounts to the Stockholder Representative. All such payments shall be in accordance with the provisions of Article 2 and the terms of the Escrow Agreement.
11.02 . Either Acquiror, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other, may, by written notice to the other: (a) extend the time for performance of any of the obligations or other actions of the other party under this Agreement, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations or warranties of such other party contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement, (c) waive compliance with any of the conditions or covenants of such other party contained in this Agreement, or (d) waive or modify performance of any of the obligations of such other party under this Agreement. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, no action taken pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation by or on behalf of either party shall be deemed to constitute a waiver by the party taking such action of compliance with any of the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions, or agreements contained in this Agreement. The waiver by any party hereto of a breach of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Waiver
11.03 . This Agreement, including any exhibits, schedules, the Disclosure Letter and any documents referred to herein (which exhibits, schedules, Disclosure Letter and documents are incorporated herein by this reference) shall constitute the complete and entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all previous oral and written negotiations and commitments and any other writings with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement can be modified or amended only by a writing duly executed by Acquiror, the Company and, after the Closing, the Stockholder Representative.
Entire Agreement; Amendment
11.04 . From time to time, as and when requested by any party hereto, any other party shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, all such documents and instruments and shall take, or cause to be taken, all such further or other actions as such other party may reasonably deem necessary or desirable to evidence and effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Further Assurances
11.05 . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, as applicable to agreements executed and entirely performed in such state.
Governing Law
 
11.06 . The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall in no way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Unless the context of this Agreement expressly otherwise indicates, any singular term in this Agreement will include the plural, and any plural term will include the singular.
Interpretation
11.07 . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered personally, (ii) the next business day, if sent by a nationally-recognized overnight delivery service (unless the records of the delivery service indicate otherwise), (iii) three business days after deposit in the United States mail, certified and with proper postage prepaid, addressed as follows; or (iv) upon delivery if sent by electronic mail:
Notices
If to Acquiror:
General Counsel/Notices
Teradata Corporation
10000 Innovation Drive
Miamisburg, Ohio 45342
Attn: Legal Notices
Email: Lawnotices@teradata.com
With a required copy to:
Thompson Hine LLP
2000 Courthouse Plaza N.E.
Dayton, Ohio 45401-8801
Attention: David A. Neuhardt, Esq.
Email: David.Neuhardt@ThompsonHine.com
If to the Company:
Aprimo, Inc.
900 East 96th Street, Suite 400
Indianapolis, Indiana 46240
Attention: President and General Counsel
Email: Bill.Godfrey@aprimo.com
            George.Lawrence@aprimo.com
With a required copy to:
Goodwin Procter LLP
Exchange Place
53 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109
Attention: David J. Powers
Email: dpowers@goodwinprocter.com
If to the Stockholder Representative:
 
Mark Koulogeorge
MK Capital
1033 Skokie Blvd.
Suite 430
Northbrook, Illinois 60062
Email: Mark@mkcapital.com
With a required copy to:
Goodwin Procter LLP
Exchange Place
53 State Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02109
Attention: David J. Powers
Email: dpowers@goodwinprocter.com
Any party or other recipient may from time to time change its address and facsimile number for purposes of this Agreement by giving notice of such change as provided herein.
11.08 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute but one agreement.
Counterparts
11.09 . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other parties.
Parties in Interest; Assignment
11.10 . This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and: (i) to the extent provided in Article 9, the Acquiror Group, and (ii) to the extent provided in Section 6.09, the past and present directors and officers of the Company.
No Third Party Beneficiaries
11.11 . If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement will nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as, and only so long as, the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party hereto. Upon any determination that any provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced and does not adversely affect the substance of these transactions in a material way, the parties hereto will negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated to the extent possible.
Severability
11.12 . The parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that, prior to the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article 8, the parties shall be entitled to an
Specific Enforcement
 
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the performance of terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court referred to in clause (a) below, without proof of actual damages (and each party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties further agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, nor to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would provide an adequate remedy for any such breach. In addition, each of the parties hereto (a) consents to submit itself to the personal jurisdiction of any Delaware state court or any federal court located in the State of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court and (c) agrees that it will not bring any action relating to this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any court other than any Delaware state court or any federal court sitting in the State of Delaware.
11.13 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE MERGER, OR ANY OF THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. Each party hereto: (a) certifies that no representative or agent of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such party would not, in the event of any action, suit or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waiver and certifications in this Section 11.13.
Waiver of Jury Trial
12.01 . For all purposes of this Agreement, the terms set forth below shall be defined as follows:
Definitions
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(e).
Accounting Firm
"" has the meaning given that term in the preamble to this Agreement.
Acquiror
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.02.
Acquiror Group
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(b)(iii).
Adjusted Merger Consideration
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(c)(ii).
Adjustment Claim
"" of a specified Person means a Person who directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries is in control of, controlled by, or under common control with, such specified Person.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(d).
Aggregate Claims
 
"" means this Agreement and Plan of Merger.
Agreement
"" means any agreement or instrument to be executed and delivered by the Company, one or more Securityholders, and/or any other Person, on the one hand, and Acquiror, Merger Sub, and/or the Surviving Corporation, on the other, pursuant to this Agreement.
Ancillary Agreement
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.02(c).
Antitrust Laws
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.04.
Appraisal Shares
"" means September 30, 2010.
Balance Sheet Date
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.05.
Basket Amount
"" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, New York, Miamisburg, Ohio or Indianapolis, Indiana are authorized or required by Law to be closed.
Business Day
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.08(o).
Capex Plan
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.03.
Certificate of Merger
"" means certificates representing any shares of Company Stock.
Certificates
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.02(g).
Change
"" means an Adjustment Claim or an Indemnity Claim.
Claim
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.03.
Claim Notice
"" means the aggregate amount (based on a reasonable good faith estimate by Acquiror) of all pending Indemnity Claims that, as of the Interim Distribution Date or the Expiration Date (as the case may be), have not yet finally been resolved and/or for which the full amount of Damages has not finally been determined and is not yet determinable.
Claim Reserve
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.02.
Closing
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.02.
Closing Date
"" means the amount of Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries outstanding as of the Effective Time.
Closing Debt
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(c).
Closing Net Working Capital
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(b)(ii).
Closing Payment Amount
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(b).
Closing Statement
 
"" means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended.
COBRA
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.12.
Code Scrub Requirements
"" means the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Common Stock
"" means, for the outstanding Securities of the Company: (i) for each share of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, one share; (ii) for each share of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, 1.63492 shares; (iii) for each share of Series A1 Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, one share; (iv) for each share of Series A2 Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, one share; (v) for each share of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, one share; (vi) for each vested Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of such vested Option; (vii) for each Common Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of such Common Warrant; (viii) for each Series A2 Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, the number of shares of Series A2 Preferred Stock that may be acquired upon exercise of such Series A2 Warrant and (ix) for each RSU outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, the number of shares of Common Stock that may be acquired upon vesting and settlement of such RSU.
Common Stock Equivalent
"" means the warrants to purchase Common Stock issued by the Company.
Common Warrants
"" has the meaning given that term in the preamble to this Agreement.
Company
"" has the meaning given that term in the preamble to this Agreement.
Company Board
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.01.
Company Bylaws
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.01.
Company Certificate
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(e).
Company Copyrights
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(a).
Company Feature
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.09.
Company Indemnified Parties
"" means the Owned Intellectual Property and all Intellectual Property licensed by the Company or any Subsidiary from another Person.
Company Intellectual Property
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.20(c).
Company Multiemployer Pension Plan
 
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(g).
Company Net Names
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(c).
Company Patent
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(c).
Company Patent Application
"" means the Common Stock and the Preferred Stock.
Company Stock
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.03.
Company Stockholder Approval
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(f).
Company Trade Secret
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(d).
Company Trademarks, Trade Names, and Service Marks
"" means the Nondisclosure Agreement between the Acquiror and the Company dated as of March 10, 2010, as amended by the Letter Agreement between the Acquiror and the Company dated as of November 17, 2010.
Confidentiality Agreement
"" means any consent, approval, clearance, waiver, waiting period expiration, Permit, or order.
Consent
"" means any agreement, contract, indenture, loan, note, mortgage, instrument, lease, license, or binding understanding or obligation.
Contract
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(b)(i).
Current Assets
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(b)(ii).
Current Liabilities
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.02.
Damages
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.03.
Delaware Secretary of State
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.01.
DGCL
"" means the disclosure letter of even date herewith from the Company to Acquiror.
Disclosure Letter
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.03.
Effective Time
"" means collectively (A) all "employee pension benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (the ""), "employee welfare benefit plans" (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other bonus, pension, profit sharing, retirement, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, equity or equity-based compensation, severance, retention, termination, change in control, disability, vacation, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, dental, life insurance or other material compensation or benefit plans, arrangements, policies, Contracts, programs or understandings providing compensation or benefits (other than foreign or domestic statutory programs), in each case, sponsored, maintained, contributed to or required to be maintained or contributed to by the Company, any
Employee Plans
Company Pension Plans
 
Subsidiary or any other Person that, together with the Company is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code (each, a "") for the benefit of any current or former directors, officers, employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary or with respect to which the Company or any Company Commonly Controlled Entity has any liability (contingent or otherwise), and (B) all employment, consulting, bonus, incentive compensation, deferred compensation, equity or equity-based compensation, indemnification, severance, retention, change of control or termination agreements or arrangements (including collective bargaining agreements) between the Company or any Subsidiary and any current or former directors, officers, employees, independent contractors or consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary.
Company Commonly Controlled Entity
"" means any lien, mortgage, pledge, charge, security interest, assessment, option, right of first refusal or other similar encumbrance upon, or conditional assignment of, any property or assets.
Encumbrance
"" means any Law or Permit related to (i) the protection, preservation or restoration of the environment (including, without limitation, air, water vapor, surface water, ground water, drinking water supply, surface soil, subsurface soil, plant and animal life or any other natural resource), and/or (ii) the manufacture, use, storage, recycling, treatment, generation, transportation, processing, handling, labeling, production, release or disposal of Hazardous Substances. "" include, without limitation: the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601, et seq.; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq.; the Clean Air Act, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 7401, et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, 33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended, 125 U.S.C. 9601, et seq.; the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know Act, 42 U.S.C. 11001, et seq., the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42 U.S.C. 300f, et seq.; all comparable state and local Laws (in each case, which was in effect on the Closing Date); and any common law (including, without limitation, common law that may impose strict liability) that may impose liability or obligations for injuries or damages due to, or threatened as a result of, the presence of or exposure to any Hazardous Substance as of the Closing Date.
Environmental Laws
Environmental Laws
"" means the outstanding Options and the outstanding RSUs.
Equity Awards
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
ERISA
"" means Wells Fargo (or such other bank or trust company as Acquiror and the Company mutually may designate prior to the Effective Time).
Escrow Agent
"" means the Escrow Agreement being entered into at the Closing by Acquiror, Escrow Agent and the Stockholder Representative.
Escrow Agreement
"" means $50,000,000, which shall be available under the Escrow Agreement to satisfy Adjustment Claims and Indemnity Claims.
Escrow Amount
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(a).
Estimated Adjustment Amounts
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(a).
Estimated Adjustment Schedule
 
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(b)(i).
Estimated Merger Consideration
"" means Wells Fargo (or such other bank or trust company as Acquiror and the Company mutually may designate prior to the Effective Time).
Exchange Agent
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.02(a).
Exchange Fund
"" means the amount of cash actually received by the Company from the exercise of Options and Warrants after November 17, 2010 and prior to the Effective Time, up to a maximum of $1,115,000.
Exercise Cash
"" means the date that is 18 months after the Closing Date.
Expiration Date
"" means a regulation issued by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to authority granted under the Code.
Federal Income Tax Regulation
"" means: (i) the audited consolidated balance sheets and statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings of the Company at and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, a copy of which is included in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Letter, (ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings of the Company at and for the nine months ended September 30, 2010, a copy of which is included in Section 3.06 of the Disclosure Letter, and (iii) any other financial statement of the Company delivered to Acquiror pursuant to Section 6.10.
Financial Statements
"" means, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the aggregate number of: (i) shares of Common Stock outstanding, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding Preferred Stock, (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable (including deemed issuances pursuant to the RSUs) upon exercise of vested outstanding Equity Awards (after giving effects to any acceleration of vesting by reason of the Merger), (iv) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants, and (v) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A2 Preferred Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A2 Warrants.
Fully Diluted Shares
"" means United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.
GAAP
"" means any nation, state, city, locality, municipality, or other political subdivision and any body or authority exercising judicial, legislative, regulatory or administrative functions for any of the foregoing (including, without limitation, any agency, department, board or commission).
Governmental Entity
"" means any material or substance that is listed, defined, designated or classified as hazardous, toxic, radioactive, or otherwise is regulated, under any Environmental Law, whether by type or by quantity. Hazardous Substances include, without limitation, petroleum products and any derivative or by-product thereof, asbestos, radioactive materials and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Hazardous Substance
 
"" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.
HSR Act
"" means all obligations (including all obligations in respect of principal, accrued interest, penalties, fees and premiums): (i) for borrowed money (including overdraft, working capital or other credit facilities), (ii) for the deferred purchase price of property, goods or services, (iii) evidenced by a promissory note, mortgage, bond, indenture or other similarly instrument, (iv) under agreements for interest rate protection swaps, collars, hedge or other derivatives, (v) secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by), an Encumbrance on any of the assets of the specified Person, (vi) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities or surety, performance or bid bonds, (vii) arising under any conditional sale or other title retention Contract, or (viii) in the nature of guarantees of the obligations described in clauses (i) through (vii) above of any other Person, in each case, other than accounts payable or trade payables or accruals in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice determined in accordance with GAAP.
Indebtedness
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.02.
Indemnity Claim
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 8.01.
Initial Date
"" means the name "[Aprimo]" and all derivations thereof, all patents, patent applications, patent disclosures, inventions and designs that are not disclosed in any patent, patent application or patent disclosure, trademarks, trademark registrations, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, domain names, copyrights, copyright registrations and applications, rights in Software (including source code and documentation), databases, data, collections, compilations, content, documents, drawings and processes (in each case, consisting of patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, brand names, logos, domain names, copyrights or trade secrets) and all other intellectual property (tangible or intangible), inventions, know-how, confidential business information, Trade Secrets and formulae and all registrations and applications for any of the foregoing, and all goodwill associated with any of the foregoing.
Intellectual Property
"" means any Contract or arrangement under which the Company or any Subsidiary: (i) obtains any right to use Intellectual Property or to provide such Intellectual Property to any other Person, other than with respect to commercially available software products under standard end-user object code license agreements each of which is made available for a total cost of less than $5,000, or (ii) provides to any other Person any right to use any Company Intellectual Property or to provide such Company Intellectual Property to any other Person.
Intellectual Property License
"" means the date that is 13 months after the Closing Date.
Interim Distribution Date
"" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
IRS
"" means a judgment, settlement, writ, order or decree of any court or other Governmental Entity.
Judgment
 
"" means that the statement qualified by those words is accurate, to the knowledge of any of William Godfrey, George Lawrence, Lisa Arthur, Robert Boehnlein, John Stammen, Umesh Singh, Anton Papp, Kim Kean, Colin Cunningham, Stuart White, Matt Severt, Mike Reynolds, Jason Lapointe, Tim Sublette or Darren DelDuco, after due inquiry.
Knowledge of the Company
"" means applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, decisional law, regulations, rules, judgments, order and decrees of Governmental Entities.
Law
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.09(b).
Leased Personal Property
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.10(a).
Leased Real Property
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 7.01c).
Legal Restraints
"" means any agreement, commitment or arrangement between or among the Company, any Subsidiary, and any Securityholder and/or any of their Affiliates under which the Company or any Subsidiary has any obligation or liability.
Management Agreement
"" means any event or development that materially and adversely affects, or is reasonably likely to materially and adversely affect: (i) the business, properties, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement. In furtherance of and not in limitation of the foregoing, a change having a Material Adverse Effect shall be considered to have occurred or been sustained in the event of a change in the nature or extent of litigation or claims by or against the Company or a Subsidiary or a diminishment in the amount or scope of insurance coverage applicable to litigation or claims (including, without limitation, as a result of denial or withdrawal of coverage by an insurer) if such change or diminishment has a material adverse effect on the business, properties, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Material Adverse Effect shall not include (A) changes arising out of or resulting from generally applicable economic, regulatory or political conditions or the securities markets or changes generally applicable to the Company's industry; (B) any change resulting from actions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or taken at the direction or request of the Acquiror; (C) any change demonstrably resulting from the announcement or consummation of the Merger, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including, but not limited to, any employee attrition, impact on revenues and relationship with suppliers and customers; (D) any change resulting from acts of God, earthquakes, hostilities, acts of sabotage or terrorism or military actions or any escalation or material worsening of any such hostilities, acts of sabotage or terrorism or military actions; or (E) any change resulting from changes in Law or accounting rules.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means and includes any of the following Contracts, whether written or oral, to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective property or assets may be bound: (i) any lease relating to any Leased Real Property; (ii) any lease relating to any Leased Personal Property with payments of more than $20,000 in the aggregate during calendar year 2009 (or reasonably expected during
Material Contract
 
calendar year 2010) and all ancillary agreements pertaining thereto; (iii) any franchise, dealer, sales agent or other distribution agreement pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary sells or otherwise distributes or subcontracts its products or services or pursuant to which any other Person sells or otherwise distributes or subcontracts any such products or services of the Company or any Subsidiary for a consideration of more than $10,000 in the aggregate during calendar year 2009 (or reasonably expected during calendar year 2010); (iv) any supply or purchase agreement or other similar binding arrangement or understanding pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated to purchase goods or services for a consideration of more than $50,000 in the aggregate during calendar year 2010; (v) any purchase order or other Contract involving the sale, license or other disposition of goods or services by the Company or any Subsidiary pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary received consideration of more than $50,000 in the aggregate during calendar year 2009 (or reasonably expected during calendar year 2010) or provides Intellectual Property or computer or network infrastructure that cannot be replaced within 15 days at no increase in cost; (vi) any Intellectual Property License other than agreements with customers covered by clause (v) of this definition (determined without regard to any exclusion or threshold set forth in any such other clause); (vii) any Contract that restricts the conduct by the Company or any Subsidiary of any line of business or which imposes a confidentiality obligation upon the Company or any Subsidiary, other than (in the case of agreements with confidentiality obligations) agreements with customers, potential customers or channel partners and agreements of a nature covered by another clause in this definition (determined without regard to any exclusion or threshold set forth in any such other clause); (viii) any Contract with or benefiting any director, officer or stockholder of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ix) any Contract, indenture or other instrument relating to the borrowing of money by the Company or any Subsidiary or any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary; (x) any Contract pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated to lend money or make advances to any Person; (xi) any Contract to guarantee the obligations of, any Person (including, without limitation, the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their directors or officers or any family member of any officer or director); (xii) any Contract to indemnify or exonerate from liability any Person, other than agreements with customers, potential customers or channel partners and agreements of a nature covered by under another clause in this definition (determined without regard to any exclusion or threshold set forth in any such other clause), (xiii) any Tax Sharing Agreement; (xiv) any agreement or other Contract relating to the operation, ownership or control of the Company or any Subsidiary (including, without limitation, with respect to the voting or disposition of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary); (xv) any Employee Plan; (xvi) any power of attorney relating to the Company or any Subsidiary; (xvii) any Management Agreement; and (xviii) any other Contract to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound that is material to the businesses presently conducted by the Company and the Subsidiaries, other than this Agreement.
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.01.
Merger
"" has the meaning given that term in the preamble to this Agreement.
Merger Sub
"" means the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Merger Sub.
Merger Sub Common Stock
 
"" is any Subsidiary that is created or organized in or under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or a state of the United States.
Non-U.S. Subsidiary
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(d).
Notice of Disagreement
"" means the aggregate amount disbursed from the Escrow Amount to satisfy an Indemnity Claim or an Adjustment Claim.
Offset
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(j).
Open Source Material
"" means the Company's 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and the Company's 1998 Employee Stock Option Plan, each as in effect on the date of this Agreement.
Option Plans
"" means options to purchase Common Stock granted pursuant to the Option Plans.
Options
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 8.01.
Outside Date
"" means all of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary.
Owned Intellectual Property
"" means all computers, equipment, furniture, furnishings, tools, vehicles and other tangible personal property owned by the Company or any Subsidiary.
Owned Personal Property
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(a)(iii).
Per Share Closing Payment
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(e).
Per Share Deferred Payment(s)
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(d).
Per Share Expiration Date Payment
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(e).
Per Share Final Payment
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(d).
Per Share Interim Payment
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 2.01(a)(iii).
Per Share Payment Amounts
"" means any license, permit, approval or authorization of a Governmental Entity.
Permit
"" means (i) liens with respect to current Taxes, governmental charges and levies not yet delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings, (ii) liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and landlords (A) incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not overdue or (B) being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and, in the case of clause (B), for which a liability (including, without limitation, the estimated cost of contesting such matter) appears in Section 3.10 of the Disclosure Letter, and (iii) liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, or to secure performance of statutory obligations, leases and contracts (other than for borrowed money) entered into in the ordinary course of business.
Permitted Encumbrance
 
"" means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust, estate, unincorporated organization, labor union, Governmental Entity or any other entity.
Person
"" means any Tax Period ending on or before the Closing Date and that portion of any Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date.
Pre-Closing Tax Periods
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 10.02(a).
Pre-Closing Tax Return
"" means the Series A Preferred Stock, the Series A1 Preferred Stock, the Series A2 Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock.
Preferred Stock
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 3.14(b).
Proprietary Rights Agreement
"" means subscriptions, options, warrants, scrip, rights, calls, convertible securities, commitments, binding promises or any other similar agreements or arrangements of any character, in each case granted by or binding upon the Company or any Subsidiary.
Purchase Rights
"" means any intentional or unintentional release, discharge, spill, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, injection, disposal or dumping into the ambient air, surface water, groundwater, soil, sediment or land.
Release
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 7.03(e).
Required Consents
"" means the Company's obligations under its revolving credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank.
Revolving Credit Obligations
"" means outstanding deferred stock awards granted under the Company's 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan.
RSUs
"" means the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock, the Equity Awards and the Warrants.
Securities
"" means the Persons holding Company Stock, Equity Awards and/or Warrants at the Effective Time.
Securityholders
"" means the Company's Series A Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Series A Preferred Stock
"" means the Company's Series A1 Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Series A1 Preferred Stock
"" means the Company's Series A2 Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Series A2 Preferred Stock
"" means the warrants to purchase Series A2 Preferred Stock issued by the Company.
Series A2 Warrants
 
"" means the Company's Series B Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share.
Series B Preferred Stock
"" means a share of Common Stock or Preferred Stock that is outstanding at the Effective Time.
Share
"" means all computer programs and computer software and all documentation (including, without limitation, user and training manuals), specification materials and any materials associated therewith (including, without limitation, all associated rights in source code, object code and files).
Software
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 11.01.
Stockholder Representative
"" means any taxable year or period beginning on or before and ending after the Closing Date.
Straddle Period
"" means any corporation, limited liability company or other entity of which the Company (either alone or through or together with any other subsidiary) owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the stock, membership interests or other equity interests.
Subsidiary
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 1.01.
Surviving Corporation
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.04.
Takeover Proposal
"" means $50,000,000.
Target Working Capital
"" or "" means any foreign, federal, state or local income, gross receipts, occupation, environmental (including taxes under Section 59A of the Code), customs, duties, registration, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment insurance, social security (or similar), excise, sales, use, value-added, franchise, real property, personal property, business and occupation, capital stock, stamp, transfer, workman's compensation, amount related to Tax abatement and other Tax preferential treatment or other tax, fee or imposition of any kind whatsoever, including any interest, penalties, additions, assessments or deferred liability with respect thereto (whether disputed or not), liability for Taxes of any other Person imposed on the Company: (i) under Federal Income Tax Regulation 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Tax law) or otherwise as a result of being or having been before the Effective Time a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group for federal, state, local or foreign Tax purposes, and (ii) as a successor by Contract or otherwise as a result of being a party to any agreement or a transfer of any express or implied obligation to indemnify any other Person.
Tax
Taxes
"" means the present value of any refund, credit, reimbursement or reduction in otherwise required Tax payments, which present value shall be computed as of the first date on which the right to the refund, credit or other Tax reduction arises or is reasonably estimated to be actually realized, whichever is later, (i) using the Tax rate applicable to the highest level of income with respect to such Tax under applicable Tax laws on such date and (ii) using the interest rate on such date imposed on corporate deficiencies paid within thirty (30) days of a notice of proposed deficiency under the Code or other applicable Tax laws.
Tax Benefit
 
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 10.01(a).
Tax Claim
"" means any return, report, declaration, claim for refund, estimate, election, or information statement or bill relating to any Tax, including any schedule or attachment thereto and any amendment thereto.
Tax Return
"" means any agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party with respect to the allocation or sharing of Taxes among taxpayers.
Tax Sharing Agreement
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 9.03(b).
Third Party Claim
"" means all confidential information, financing and marketing information, technology, know-how, inventions, proprietary processes, formulae, algorithms, models and methodologies, and rights to sue for past infringement thereof.
Trade Secret
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.03.
280G Payment
"" has the meaning given that term in Section 6.02(g).
Update Notice
"" means the Common Warrants and the Series A2 Warrants.
Warrants
"" means has the meaning given that term in Section 2.05(c).
Working Capital Adjustment
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement as of the day and year first written above.
 
The undersigned individual is executing this Agreement as of the date first set forth above solely for the purpose of agreeing to perform the obligations of the "Stockholder Representative" under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the obligations set forth in Section 11.01 of this Agreement) and to enforce the rights and privileges granted to the Stockholder Representative hereunder.
 
 
The following is a list of the schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger among Teradata Corporation, Aprimo, Inc and TDC Merger Sub, Inc. (by reference to section headings of the disclosure letter provided by Aprimo, Inc.) which have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Teradata Corporation will provide the omitted schedules to the Commission upon request.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For further information:
 
Mike O'Sullivan
Teradata Corporation
(937) 242-4786
mike.osullivan@teradata.com
For Release on January 24, 2011
(NYSE: TDC), the world's largest company solely focused on and , has completed its acquisition of , a global leader in cloud-based integrated marketing software. Together, the two innovators will drive the future of integrated marketing, enabling corporations to optimize marketing performance with more detailed, comprehensive insights from a universe exploding with .
INDIANAPOLIS, IN 
Teradata
data warehousing
enterprise analytics
Aprimo
big data
To view the multimedia version of this news release, please
click here
.
Marketing executives will be among the first to benefit from the combined capabilities of Aprimo and Teradata. An Argyle Group and Aprimo CMO survey recently identified top executive marketing challenges, which include integrating campaigns across proliferating digital and traditional channels, the elimination of data silos that inhibit results analysis and metrics  and proving ROI on marketing. Aprimo has resolved these challenges with a fully integrated suite for hundreds of customers, including 36 of the Fortune 100. Among these are Target Corporation, Warner Bros. Inc., and Nestle S.A.
The acquisition will immediately put Teradata in a market-leading position in Integrated Marketing Management. Teradata will build on this strong position and plans to expand its application portfolio into other high value business applications, including those that drive insights from the ever-growing volumes of big data  a complex phenomenon that is expanding marketing opportunities with an explosive number of new data sources.
This phenomenon is driven by consumers who are adopting new digital channels and information sources to connect, converse and shop. The integration of global social media insight
 
and unstructured data with detailed information collected from customer touch points transforms the enterprise data warehouse gold mine into an analytic diamond mine. Combined with Aprimo's Integrated Marketing Management suite, marketers gain unprecedented insight and power to create differentiated customer experiences. This is the definitive sweet spot for business transformation created by the combined capabilities of Teradata and Aprimo.
Aprimo will be integrated into Teradata's operations, and the Aprimo organization will support Teradata's strategy, including development, marketing, sales, and .
applications
services
"Today is a significant step forward in our successful journey in being the recognized leader of Integrated Marketing Management solutions. The combination of our teams and solutions will enable us to continue accelerating growth, fueling innovation for our customers and rapidly expanding our global presence," said Bill Godfrey, president of Aprimo, which will remain located in Indianapolis. "With these combined assets, we look forward to delivering world-class applications that will uniquely benefit our customers, partners and provide a vibrant environment for Aprimo's team."
"To achieve profitable and sustainable growth, companies need better analytical insight. Together, Teradata and Aprimo will help them find areas to reduce costs, optimize performance and gain the insight and agility needed to close the gap between strategy and execution," said Darryl McDonald, Teradata executive vice president, Applications, Business Development, and CMO. "Our goal is to be a trusted advisor and provide business applications that offer proven results and deliver lasting value."
Supporting Quotes
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant news resources:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Aprimo
 
Aprimo is a leading global provider of cloud-based marketing software and services that enhance the productivity and performance of marketing organizations. The company's integrated marketing software, and enables marketers to navigate the changing role of marketing, by taking control of budget and spends, eliminating internal silos with streamlined workflows, and executing innovative multi-channel campaigns to drive measurable return on investment. For more information call +1.317.803.4300 or visit .
Aprimo Marketing Studio for B2C
Aprimo Marketing Studio for B2B,
http://www.aprimo.com
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
This news release contains forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the execution of integration plans; the parties' ability to meet expectations regarding the accounting treatments of the transaction; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies in the arrangement within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aprimo's operations into those of Teradata  such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; and the retention of certain key employees of Aprimo may be difficult. Teradata and Aprimo are subject to intense competition, and increased competition is expected in the future; and fluctuations in foreign currencies could result in transaction losses and increased expenses subject to the volatility of the international marketplace. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the possibility that expected benefits may not materialize as expected; that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner; that the parties are unable to successfully implement integration strategies; and other risks that are described in Teradata's SEC filings.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110210075234.txt.gz
TIME:20110210075234
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 10, 2011, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter and full-year 2010 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on February 10, 2011
Teradata Announces Record 2010 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $548 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2010, an increase of 10 percent from $496 million in 2009.
ATLANTA
For the full-year 2010, revenue was $1.936 billion, a 13 percent increase from $1.709 billion in 2009. The full-year revenue comparison included 1 percentage point of benefit from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the fourth quarter of 55.7 percent was down slightly from the 56.0 percent reported in the fourth quarter of 2009. The gross margin decline from the strong prior- year period resulted from the Americas and Asia Pacific Japan regions seeing a less favorable deal mix as compared to the prior-year period. Gross margin for full year 2010 was 56.2 percent, a meaningful increase from 54.9 percent in 2009. The increase in gross margin for the full year was driven primarily by improvements in product gross margin.
Teradata reported fourth-quarter net income under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) of $85 million, or $0.50 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net
 
income of $84 million, or $0.48 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2009. For the full year 2010, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $301 million, or $1.77 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $254 million or $1.46 per diluted share, for the full year 2009. Excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS was $0.53 in the fourth quarter of 2010, versus $0.50 in the fourth quarter of 2009.
(2)
Excluding stock-based compensation expense for both full-year periods, as well as an impairment charge in the third quarter of 2009, non-GAAP earnings for full-year 2010 was $1.86 per diluted share, compared to $1.56 per diluted share in 2009.
(2)
"Teradata had an excellent year in 2010, generating record financial results and adding the highest number of new customers since 2002. We continued to increase investments to advance our technology, services, solutions, partnerships and market coverage," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
These are exciting times for Teradata and our customers. We are positioned better than ever to help more customers manage and extract value from the accelerating explosion of data and new data types, and help them gain competitive advantage in their respective markets."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $341 million of revenue in its Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2010, up 14 percent from $300 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the Americas by 1 percentage point in the fourth quarter.
(1)
 For the full year, revenue in the Americas region increased 19 percent to $1.166 billion in 2010, from $981 million in 2009. The full-year revenue comparison in the Americas region also benefited from 1 percentage point from currency translation.
Gross margin in the Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2010 was 60.1 percent, down from 60.7 percent achieved in the fourth quarter of 2009. The gross margin decline from the strong prior year period resulted from a less favorable deal mix as compared to the prior-year period. Gross margin in the Americas region for full year 2010 was 60.2 percent, compared to 58.1 percent in 2009. The increase was due to improved product margin.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2010 was $119 million, up 12 percent from $106 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2009. Currency translation negatively impacted the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 7 percentage points.
(1)
 For the full year 2010, revenue in the EMEA region increased 3 percent to $442 million. However, the full-year revenue comparison was negatively impacted by 3 percentage points from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2010 was 52.1 percent compared to 51.9 percent reported in the fourth quarter of 2009. For the full year 2010, gross margin of 52.5 percent was down from 53.5 percent in 2009, due to a less favorable mix of product revenues versus services revenue, as well as somewhat lower services margin, which were offset in part by higher product margin.
Teradata generated $88 million of revenue in its APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2010, a 2 percent decrease from $90 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The revenue comparison in the APJ region was benefited by 7 percentage points from currency translation.
(1) 
For the full year 2010, revenue in the APJ region grew 10 percent to $328 million. Currency translation provided 8 percentage points of benefit in the full-year revenue comparison.
(1)
 
Gross margin in the APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2010 was 43.2 percent, compared to 45.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2009. Gross margin declined in the quarter due to lower consulting and product margins, offset in part by higher maintenance margin, as compared to the prior-year period. Gross margin in the APJ region for full year 2010 increased to 47.0 percent from 46.3 percent in 2009, due to a more favorable mix of product revenue versus services revenue.
Operating Income
Fourth-quarter operating income of $117 million improved from $106 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2009. In the quarter, higher revenue more than offset increased investment in selling, general and administrative expense as well as research and development expense. Full-year operating income was $415 million in 2010, versus $338 million in 2009. For the full
year, higher revenue and favorable gross margin more than offset the increased investment in selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense.
Other Items
The effective income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2010 was 27 percent, which compared to a 21 percent tax rate in the prior year period. The effective income tax rate for the full year 2010 was 27 percent, versus the 2009 tax rate of 24 percent. The higher rate, for both the fourth quarter and the full year, was due to a higher portion of Teradata's pre-tax income generated in the United States in 2010 as compared to 2009.
Cash Flow
During the fourth quarter of 2010, Teradata generated $148 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $91 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter totaled $21 million compared to $27 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. Teradata generated $127 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the fourth quarter of 2010, versus $64 million in the same period in 2009, a 98 percent increase.
For the full year, cash from operating activities was $413 million, versus $455 million generated in 2009. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year was $330 million, versus $367 million generated in 2009.
(3)
The year-over-year decline in cash from operations and free cash flow reflects Teradata's successful reduction of its accounts receivable balance in 2009. Teradata's accounts receivable balance increased in 2010 due to higher revenue volumes.
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended 2010 with $883 million in cash and short-term investments, a $142 million increase from September 30, 2010, and a $222 million increase from December 31, 2009. During 2010, the company repurchased 3 million shares for approximately $88 million. In 2009, the company repurchased 7 million shares for approximately $174 million.
As of December 31, 2010, Teradata had $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility, however no funds were drawn from the credit facility. On January 21, 2011, Teradata completed its acquisition of Aprimo, funding the purchase price by borrowing $300 million from the existing credit facility and using approximately $225 million of cash.
2011 Outlook
In 2011, Teradata expects revenue to increase approximately 12 to 14 percent from the revenue it generated in 2010. Reflected in the company's 2011 revenue guidance is the loss of approximately 1 percentage point of revenue growth due to the required adjustment of Aprimo's deferred revenue which will negatively impact the revenue recognized from the Aprimo business in 2011. Teradata anticipates that currency fluctuations will benefit the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 2 percentage points, based on currency rates on January 31, 2011.
GAAP earnings per share in 2011 is expected to be in the $1.80 to $1.90 range. Excluding items associated with the Aprimo acquisition (which include the estimated purchase accounting adjustments, the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and transaction and integration costs) as well as stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS for 2011 is expected to be in the $2.10 to $2.20 range.
2010 Fourth-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2010 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company solely focused on raising intelligence and achieving enterprise agility through its , , , , and . Visit Teradata on the web at .
TDC
database software
enterprise data warehousing
data warehouse appliances
consulting
enterprise analytics
www.teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
The following table reconciles Teradata's actual and projected earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations and are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results. The company also believes this information is useful for investors because it can provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110303082734.txt.gz
TIME:20110303082734
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Merger with Aster Data Systems, Inc.
On March 2, 2011, Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with, among others, Aster Data Systems, Inc. ("Aster Data") and Oakland Merger Corporation ("Merger Sub"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into Aster Data and Aster Data will survive and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Teradata (the "Merger"). The aggregate consideration payable by Teradata in the Merger for all of the outstanding capital stock and derivative securities (including all outstanding warrants and vested stock options) of Aster Data is approximately $263 million, after an expected adjustment of approximately $3 million for Aster Data's net indebtedness, transaction expenses and any severance or other change-in-control related liabilities (as so adjusted, the "Merger Consideration"). The Merger Consideration excludes (i) the value of Teradata's pre-existing 11.4% equity investment in Aster Data, and (ii) cash retention payments to be made following the completion of the Merger for Aster Data's unvested and committed equity awards, which amounts will be paid on pre-existing vesting schedules (subject to the terms and conditions thereof). The Merger Consideration will not be adjusted, either positively or negatively, for cash held by Aster Data at closing, which is expected to be approximately $21 million.
The Merger Agreement has been adopted and approved by the requisite vote of Aster Data's stockholders. Consummation of the Merger is subject to customary conditions, including, among others, (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any similar filings required in foreign jurisdictions, (ii) the continuing accuracy of Aster Data's representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement on the closing date of the Merger, and (iii) the absence of any conditions, events or occurrences that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on Aster Data's business, condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities or results of operations. The date for the closing of the Merger has not yet been determined, but is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2011.
In the Merger Agreement, Aster Data has made customary representations and warranties related to its business and operations and has agreed to specified covenants, including covenants relating to (i) the conduct of its business between the date of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, (ii) the solicitation of proposals for alternative transactions and (iii) making governmental filings and other matters. Teradata has also made customary limited representations and warranties to Aster Data.
A portion of the Merger Consideration otherwise payable by Teradata in the Merger will be placed into an escrow fund as security for the indemnification obligations of Aster Data's security holders under the Merger Agreement for, among other things, breaches of the representations, warranties and covenants made by Aster Data in the Merger Agreement that exceed a specified basket amount and other customary matters. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both parties.
Teradata intends to finance the acquisition of Aster Data through a new $400 million five-year term loan.
Forward Looking Statements
This filing and the attached press release contain forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the parties' ability to consummate the Merger; the execution of integration plans; the conditions to the completion of the Merger; the inability to obtain regulatory approvals required for the Merger or the possibility that such approvals may not be obtained on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the parties' ability to meet expectations regarding the timing and completion of the Merger; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aster Data's operations into those of Teradata; that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; market acceptance of Aster Data technology may be slower than expected; recurring revenue may decline, fail to be renewed or fail to grow at expected levels; and the retention of certain key employees of Aster Data may be difficult. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: the possibility that expected benefits of the Merger (including, without limitation, technology lead and differentiation, market adoption, and revenue growth) may not materialize as expected; that Aster Data's technology portfolio may not be as robust or as easy to integrate into Teradata's existing portfolio as believed; that the Merger or the financing for the Merger may not be timely completed; that the parties may be unable to successfully implement integration strategies; and other risks that are described in Teradata's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
On March 3, 2011, Teradata issued a press release announcing entry into the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The following exhibit is attached with this Current Report:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: March 3, 2011
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For further information:
 
For Release on March 3, 2011
- Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC) signed a definitive agreement to acquire Aster Data Systems, Inc., a market leader and pioneer in advanced analytics and the management of a variety of diverse data that is not structured. The combination of Teradata and Aster Data technologies will enable businesses to unlock the new intelligence hidden within the ever-growing volume of big data.
SAN DIEGO, California
"We are excited about the big data analytics market opportunity that Aster Data brings to Teradata. This, coupled with our recent Integrated Marketing Management acquisition with Aprimo, and our increased investments into our core data warehouse business - provide three best-in-class platforms to fuel future growth for Teradata," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"Teradata is recognized as an innovator and leader in data warehousing, and the addition of Aster Data will enable us to leap frog into a leadership position in the emerging big data market. This is a great opportunity and something our customers have been asking for," said Scott Gnau, chief development officer, Teradata Corporation. "I am very pleased to welcome Aster Data's talented employees to Teradata, when the transaction is completed, and to leverage Aster Data's sophisticated analytics and innovative processing of big data."
In this emerging market, big data is generally defined as being massive in volume with a mix of structured and unstructured data involving complex interrelationships that do not lend themselves to analysis with today's traditional techniques. For these reasons, capturing, storing, managing and analyzing it is extremely difficult. Some of the new sources of diverse, non-relational data include: web applications, sensor networks, social networks, genomics, video and photographs.
According to a recent Gartner news release, "2011 will be the year when data warehousing reaches what could well be its most-significant inflection point since its inception. Gartner firmly believes that the data warehouse ideal' is changing and will give way to new kind of warehouse that addresses more extreme types of information assets. As a result, data warehouse database management system (DBMS) vendors must begin to address numerous, new information asset formats, or be relegated to supporting roles in the future.
i
" "In fact, we believe through 2015, organizations integrating high-value, diverse, new information types and sources into a coherent information management infrastructure will outperform their industry peers financially by more than 20 percent.ii"
Teradata is the long-recognized data warehouse leader, and Aster Data excels at deriving value from new types of data with new analytics capabilities such as graph analysis. In addition, this diverse and unstructured data can be integrated with structured data in data warehouses for deeper business insight. This will dramatically expand the ability of companies to leverage the massive volumes of all of their data to drive profitable growth.
"We are excited to be a part of Teradata. Working together, we can accelerate the ability of customers to harness the large volumes of diverse data that corporations must deal with and analyze," said Tasso Argyros, chief technology officer and co-founder, Aster Data.
"We are bringing a new class of data-driven applications that leverage the power of the patent-pending SQL-MapReduce analytics and innovations related to non-relational data processing delivered with flexible and easy to use tools," said Mayank Bawa, chief customer
officer and co-founder, Aster Data. "We are really excited about the prospect for growth as we join forces with Teradata to bring Aster Data's solutions to customers worldwide."
Teradata is acquiring Aster Data's business, including its intellectual property and technology product line, through a merger transaction. Teradata plans to support Aster Data's customers and integrate its employees immediately upon completion of the acquisition, which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2011. Teradata acquired an 11 percent ownership interest in Aster Data in September 2010, and has agreed to pay an additional $263 million for the remaining ownership interest, net of debt and other expenses. In addition, through this acquisition, Teradata will obtain approximately $21 million of cash which Aster Data is expected to have on its balance sheet at closing.
Conference Call Scheduled for 8:30 a.m. ET Today
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss Teradata's intention to acquire Aster Data. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, will be available on Teradata's web site at www.teradata.com/investor.
About Aster Data
Aster Data is a market leader in data management and complex analytics for diverse and big data, enabling the powerful combination of cost-effective storage and ultra-fast analysis of relational and non-relational data. Aster DataCluster is an analytic platform that incorporates a massively parallel processing (MPP) hybrid row and column database with an integrated analytics engine, allowing application logic to execute with data to deliver breakthrough performance and scalability. Aster Data solution utilizes Aster Data patent-pending SQL-MapReduce to parallelize processing of data and applications and deliver rich analytic insights at scale. Companies including Barnes & Noble, Intuit, LinkedIn, InsightExpress, Akamai, Full Tilt Poker, and MySpace use Aster Data to deliver applications such as deep clickstream analysis, social network analysis, recommendation and personalization analytics, real-time fraud detection, and churn analysis.
n
www.asterdata.com
About Teradata
Teradata is the world's leader in and through its , , and . For more information, visit .
data warehousing
integrated marketing management
database software
data warehouse appliances
enterprise analytics
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This press release contains forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including the parties' ability to consummate the merger transaction; the execution of integration plans; the conditions to the completion of the transaction; the inability to obtain regulatory approvals required for the merger or the possibility that such approvals may not be obtained on the terms expected or on the anticipated schedule; the parties' ability to meet expectations regarding the timing and completion of the transaction; the possibility that the parties may be unable to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aster Data's operations into those of Teradata; that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; market acceptance of Aster Data technology may be slower than expected; recurring revenue may decline, fail to be renewed or fail to grow at expected levels; and the retention of certain key employees of Aster Data may be difficult. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: the possibility that expected benefits of the merger (including, without limitation, technology lead and differentiation, market adoption, and revenue growth) may not materialize as expected; that Aster Data's technology portfolio may not be as robust or as easy to integrate into Teradata's existing portfolio as believed; that the merger or the financing for the transaction may not be timely completed; that the parties may be unable to successfully implement integration strategies; and other risks that are described in Teradata's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110405171104.txt.gz
TIME:20110405171104
EVENTS:	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Form 8-K/A is filed as an amendment ("Amendment No. 1") to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Teradata Corporation under Items 2.01, 8.01 and 9.01 on January 24, 2011. Amendment No. 1 is being filed to include the financial statements and financial information required under Item 9.01.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.
The audited consolidated financial statements of Aprimo, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2010 are filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by reference.
(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.
The pro forma financial information with respect to Teradata Corporation's acquisition of Aprimo, Inc. is filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by reference.
(d) Exhibits.
The following exhibit is attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 23.1
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-146409, 333-146410, and 333-146475) of Teradata Corporation of our report dated February 18, 2011, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Aprimo, Inc., included in the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Teradata Corporation dated April 5, 2011 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Indianapolis, Indiana
April 4, 2011

Exhibit 99.1
C F S
ONSOLIDATED
INANCIAL
TATEMENTS
Aprimo, Inc.
Year Ended December 31, 2010
With Report of Independent Auditors
 
The Board of Directors
Aprimo, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Aprimo, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations, convertible redeemable preferred stock and shareholders' deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Aprimo, Inc. at December 31, 2010, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Indianapolis, Indiana
February 18, 2011
 
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
 
See notes to consolidated financial statements.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies
The Company
Aprimo, Inc., along with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as the "Company"), is a leading provider of integrated marketing software and services that enable business to consumer (B2C) and business to business (B2B) marketers to successfully navigate the changing role of marketing by taking control of budget and spend, eliminating internal silos with streamlined workflows, and executing innovative multi-channel campaigns to drive measureable return on investment. The Company provides its solutions primarily to large enterprises and medium-sized businesses worldwide. The Company was founded in July 1998 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Company has foreign subsidiaries in Australia, Germany, France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. The Company has evaluated all subsequent events through February 18, 2011, the issuance date of its consolidated financial statements.
On December 22, 2010, the Company entered into an agreement to be acquired by Teradata Corporation (Teradata) for approximately $525 million. The transaction closed on January 21, 2011, and the Company is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradata. The Company will be integrated into Teradata's operations and will continue to market its products and services under the name Aprimo. The Company will support the strategy of Teradata's analytic and applications business, including development, marketing, sales, and services going forward.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries' accounts and have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP). All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation.
Revenue Recognition
The Company derives its revenue from the licensing of its software, providing customer support and maintenance services, hosting of its software for customers, and performing professional services comprising implementation, installation, and training services. Revenue is recognized when all of the criteria outlined below have been met. If the Company determines that any of these criteria are not met, revenue is deferred until such time as all of the criteria are met.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
 
 
 
The recognition of revenue related to software licenses is determined by the nature of the contractual agreement.
In cases where the contract requires the software to be hosted by the Company and provided via an on-demand arrangement, the software is considered a subscription. If the license is of limited life and does not require the customer to host the software with the Company, the software is considered a term license. In both types of these arrangements, the Company has not established vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of the fair value of the individual or combined elements. As a result, the arrangement is determined to be a subscription and revenues are recognized over the term of the agreement as a service. If the Company provides professional services related to the initial implementation of such subscriptions, the revenue related to the entire arrangement, including the initial professional services, is deferred until such services are essentially completed. Upon completion of the professional services, the entire arrangement is recognized ratably over the remaining contractual term of the license. If the Company does not provide any or provides only insignificant professional services, all revenue is recognized over the contractual term of the arrangement.
Maintenance services are either provided via a separate element of a perpetual software arrangement or through a subscription. In a subscription arrangement, the revenue associated with maintenance services is bundled with the software and recognized as part of the subscription as described above. In a perpetual license arrangement, the Company has historically determined VSOE of fair value of related maintenance services by evaluating the sales of maintenance on a stand-alone basis as evidenced by the renewal value of such services in relation to the value of the software. To determine VSOE of fair value of maintenance services
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
on perpetual license arrangements, the maintenance renewal amount, as a percentage of the underlying software contract value, predominantly falls within 15% of either side of the mid-point of a narrow range of renewal pricing.
Hosting services are provided to some, but not all, of the Company's customers. If hosting is a component of the customer subscription arrangement, revenues are recognized as part of the subscription as described above. In addition, hosting services may be provided as a separate element of a customer arrangement in a manner such that customers have the right to take possession of the Company's software at any time during the hosting period. The customer's rights to the software in these circumstances are not dependent on additional software payments or significant penalties. When hosting is a separate accounting element of an arrangement that includes a perpetual license, VSOE of the fair value of hosting services is determined by comparing the value of such services upon renewal on a stand-alone basis to the original contractual value. These hosting services are recognized ratably over their contractual terms.
The Company provides the Extended Services Program (ESP) to customers at flat monthly hour offerings over a subscription period. These subscription services include telephone or online support for training, monthly status calls, and technical advisory services. If ESP subscriptions are a component of the customer subscription arrangement, revenues are recognized as part of the subscription. VSOE of the fair value of ESP subscriptions is determined by evaluating the close adherence to the standard hourly rate card for ESP subscriptions that are sold on a stand-alone basis. ESP services are recognized ratably over their contractual terms.
Due to the recurring nature of software subscriptions, maintenance, hosting services, and ESP subscriptions, the Company presents the revenues associated with these services as one caption in the consolidated financial statements.
If the agreement provides the customer with a perpetual right to use the software, license revenue is recognized upon delivery of the software using the residual method. Under the residual method, the Company allocates the total arrangement fee to the individual elements and estimates the fair value of each undelivered element, which can include maintenance, hosting, and professional services. Revenue is allocated to each undelivered element based upon its fair value. In cases in which the Company also performs professional services that include significant implementation services, customizations that are essential to that customer's functionality, milestones, or license fees subject to the performance of the professional services, revenues are recognized using contract accounting. Under contract accounting, the Company applies the
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
percentage-of-completion method based either on contractual milestones or hours of input depending on the specifics of the contract. Estimates of the percentage of completion are subject to change as the arrangement progresses. The Company accounts for such changes at the time those changes are determined.
Perpetual license revenue is presented as a separate caption as this revenue does not recur, is not a service, and is not a subscription.
Professional services are typically provided to customers on a time-and-materials basis and include implementation, training, and configuration services related to the Company's software products. The value of professional services is priced according to a standard rate card. VSOE of professional services is determined by evaluating the close adherence to the standard rate card for professional services that are sold on a stand-alone basis. The value of a contract that includes professional services will fluctuate according to the actual hours worked by the Company's implementation and consulting employees and the actual incremental expenses incurred during the performance of the related professional services. Because the Company has established VSOE for professional services in perpetual arrangements, the revenue associated with these services is presented as a separate caption in the consolidated financial statements. The professional services revenue line also includes revenue from services that are performed related to a software subscription arrangement or are significant and essential to a term software license. These services also are deferred using the same rate card methodology and are recognized ratably over the contractual period of the related software subscription arrangement.
The Company classifies reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses incurred as professional services revenue and classifies the related costs as professional services cost of revenue. The amounts of reimbursed expenses included in professional services revenue and professional services cost of revenue was approximately $1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2010.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of these consolidated financial statements, in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the financial statement date, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, the Company reviews its estimates and assumptions. The Company's estimates are based
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
on its historical experience and various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates, judgments, and assumptions.
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts on Accounts Receivable
The Company bases its allowance for doubtful accounts on several factors, including overall customer credit quality, historical write-off experience, and specific account analysis that projects the ultimate collectability of the account. When it is determined that a customer is unlikely to pay, a charge is recorded to bad debt expense in the consolidated statement of operations and the allowance for doubtful accounts is increased. When it becomes certain that a customer cannot pay, the receivable is written off by removing the accounts receivable amount and reducing the allowance for doubtful accounts accordingly.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity from the date of purchase of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit with banks, investment grade commercial paper, and high-quality money market instruments.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets, generally ranging from two to seven years. Amortization of website development costs is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the assets, generally not to exceed one year. The Company reports assets under capital lease obligations at the lower of their fair value or the present value of the aggregate future minimum lease payments as of the beginning of the lease term.
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets associated with acquisition and is not subject to amortization. The Company reviews the carrying value of goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1 and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may exceed its fair value. The
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
Company evaluates impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of its reporting unit to its carrying value. Based on the Company's most recent assessment, there was no goodwill impairment.
Intangible Assets
Customer relationships are being amortized over the estimated life of the relationships, which range from three to six years. Technology intangible assets are being amortized over the estimated life of the technology, which ranges from two to three years. Noncompete assets are being amortized over the estimated life of the noncompete agreements, which is three years.
Long-Lived Assets
When events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of long-lived assets to be held and used or definitive lived intangible assets might not be recoverable, the expected future undiscounted cash flows from the assets are estimated and compared with the carrying amount of the assets. If the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss is recorded. The impairment loss is measured by comparing the fair values of the assets with their carrying amounts. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow or appraised values, as appropriate. Intangible assets are stated on the basis of cost and are being amortized by the straight-line method over the estimated future periods to be benefited. Management believes that, as of the balance sheet date presented, none of the Company's long-lived assets, including intangible assets, were impaired.
Other Expense
Other expense includes the change in the fair value of our common and preferred stock warrants totaling $3.0 million, write-off of fees associated with our aborted initial public offering totaling $1.1 million, and miscellaneous other expenses that include foreign currency gains and losses and expenses associated with the sale of the Company to Teradata.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Investments
The Company accounts for its financial instruments and investments using the fair value methodology outlined in the accounting standards codification. The accounting standard defines fair value for financial reporting as the exit price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid upon the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement of the Company's financial assets utilized assumptions categorized as observable inputs. Observable inputs are assumptions based on independent market data sources.
Valuation techniques used to measure fair value are required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The accounting guidance for fair value accounting describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used to measure fair value:
 
 
 
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
The Company's investments, which are comprised primarily of certificates of deposit, are a Level 1 investment based on the fair value hierarchy. The Company's warrant liabilities are financial instruments that are Level 3 on the fair value hierarchy. See Note 2 for discussion of the Company's investments and Note 12 for discussion of the warrant liabilities.
The carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity.
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist primarily of accounts receivable and interest-bearing investments. Management believes the financial risks associated with these financial instruments are minimal.
Investments are made in accordance with the Company's corporate investment policy, as approved by its Board of Directors. The primary objective of this policy is preservation of capital. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities within 365 days as of the balance sheet date to be short-term investments and investments with maturities greater than 365 days as of the balance sheet date to be long-term investments. Long-term investments are included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheet.
The Company classifies all investment securities as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale at the date of purchase based on the Company's ability and intent to hold individual securities until they mature. Available-for-sale fixed-income and equity securities are reported at their estimated fair value, with any unrealized gains and losses reported net of any related tax effects, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Any change in the estimated fair value of available-for-sale investment securities during the period is reported as unrealized appreciation or depreciation, net of any related tax effects, in other comprehensive income. Held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. The Company's investments were classified as held-to-maturity and were carried at amortized cost at December 31, 2010. The Company reviews all investments for reductions in fair value that are considered other-than-temporary. When such reductions occur, the cost of the investment is adjusted to fair value through other income (loss) on the consolidated statement of operations.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
Concentration of Credit Risk
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company's revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the Company's accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2010. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of its customers on a periodic basis and generally does not require collateral.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company accounts for its stock-based compensation as expense related to the fair value of share-based compensation awards. For the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company recognized $2.9 million of stock-based compensation expense.
The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The assumption used for grants during 2010 is as follows:
 
The computation of expected volatility for the year ended December 31, 2010 is based on historical volatility rates of comparable companies. The interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2010 is based on the U.S. Treasury risk-free interest rate in effect at the time of grant with a maturity date consistent with the expected option terms. The computation of expected option terms for these periods is based on the average of the vesting term of the Company's stock options, given an assumption of exercises occurring within one year from final vesting. The straight-line policy was elected for expensing options with graded vesting provisions.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
The following table summarizes the consolidated stock-based compensation expense by line items in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2010 (in thousands):
 
The fair value of stock options and awards granted by the Company in 2010 was $5.5 million. At December 31, 2010, the Company has $4.6 million of total unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to stock option plans that will be recognized during January 2011.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expenses were approximately $722,000 for the year ended December 31, 2010.
Research and Development
Research and development expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Based on the Company's product development process, technological feasibility is established upon completion of a working model. Costs incurred by the Company between the completion of the working model and the point at which the product is ready for general release have been insignificant. Through December 31, 2010, all research and development costs have been expensed.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
Foreign Currency Transactions
For the Company's foreign subsidiaries, the functional currency has been determined to be the local currency, and therefore, assets and liabilities are translated at period-end exchange rates, and statement of operations items are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Such translation adjustments are recorded in aggregate as a component of shareholders' equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency denominated transactions are included in other income (expense) and are not material.
Comprehensive Loss
Other comprehensive income refers to revenues, expenses, gains, and losses that under GAAP are included in comprehensive income but are excluded from net income as these amounts are recorded directly as an adjustment to shareholders' equity. The Company's other comprehensive loss is comprised of foreign currency translation adjustments.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the liability method. Deferred taxes arise because of different treatment between financial statement accounting and tax accounting, known as "temporary differences." The Company records the tax effect of these temporary differences as "deferred tax assets" (generally items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in the future periods) and "deferred tax liabilities" (generally items that the Company received a tax deduction for, which have not yet been recorded in the consolidated statement of operations). The deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rules and laws that are expected to be in effect when the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that is expected to be realized under the more-likely-than-not criteria.
Sabbatical Leave
The Company implemented its sabbatical leave program in 2008 and provides employees with additional time off based on achievement of certain employee anniversary dates. The Company accrues an estimated liability for sabbatical leave over the requisite service periods, as employee services are rendered. This resulted in $394,000 of expense for the year ended December 31, 2010.
 
 
1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
 
Deferred Costs
The Company defers professional service costs that are essential to the licensed software in situations where the professional services and subscription arrangements are accounted for as a single unit of accounting. The professional service costs are deferred until such services are essentially completed. Upon completion of the professional services, the related costs are recognized ratably over the remaining contractual term of the subscription. The deferred cost is determined individually by contract for professional services on a quarterly basis. Total deferred cost as of December 31, 2010 was $8.5 million.
Commissions
The Company records the total amount of commissions earned for licensing of its software, maintenance, hosting, and professional services as expense when revenue recognition for that arrangement commences. The amount of commissions paid and not yet expensed is recorded as prepaid commissions in the consolidated balance sheet.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In October 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new guidance regarding the accounting for revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. This new guidance provides principles for allocation of consideration among its multiple-elements, allowing more alternatives in identifying and accounting for separate deliverables under an arrangement. The guidance will eliminate the residual method of allocation and require use of the relative selling price method. The guidance also introduces the best estimate selling price for valuing the deliverables of a bundled arrangement if vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of selling price is not available and significantly expands related disclosure requirements. This guidance is effective on a prospective basis for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010. Alternatively, adoption may be on a retrospective basis, and early application is permitted. The Company expects to adopt this guidance, on a prospective basis, for applicable transactions originating or materially modified on or after January 1, 2011. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard.
 
 
2. Investments
The Company classifies all investment securities as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale at the date of purchase based on the Company's ability and intent to hold individual securities until they mature.
The following table shows the carrying value, gross unrecognized holding gains and losses, and the estimated fair value of the Company's held-to-maturity fixed-income security portfolio as of December 31, 2010:
 
As of December 31, 2010, the Company did not have any held-to-maturity fixed-income securities that were considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired. The Company did not invest in any available-for-sale securities as of December 31, 2010.
 
 
3. Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are summarized as follows:
 
Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 was $2.2 million.
4. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill is not amortized but is subject to annual impairment tests. Goodwill that is deductible for tax purposes is minimal. Other intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives.
Goodwill was recorded in connection with the acquisitions of Then Ltd in 2004 and DoubleClick EMS in 2005. The Company fully integrated the technology and operations into Aprimo's product offerings subsequent to the acquisitions and has migrated related customers to its software. The Company examined its operating segmentsnoting that it currently has one segment and reporting unit for purposes of performing the annual impairment test.
,
The Company reviews goodwill annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may exceed its fair value. The Company conducted its annual impairment test as of October 1 and has determined that the fair value exceeds the carrying value. The Company used the guideline company and undiscounted cash flow methods to determine the fair value of the reporting unit.
 
 
4. Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued)
 
The following table includes information regarding the carrying values and related accumulated amortization of definite lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2010.
 
 
 
 
5. Debt
The Company has an existing line of credit with the bank of $10.0 million availability, subject to borrowing base requirements that mature on March 31, 2011. The borrowing base is determined based on eligible accounts receivable. The credit facility includes financial covenant requirements with a minimum revenue and adjusted quick ratio covenant. At December 31, 2010, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants. Interest on the line of credit is payable monthly at a per annum rate equal to the greater of: (a) the prime rate plus 0.75% or (b) 5.0%. The interest rate in effect at December 31, 2010 was 5.0%. The Company pays a revolving line commitment fee of 0.25% per annum for the average unused borrowing availability under the line of credit. The revolving line commitment fee may be reduced to 0.125% per annum of the average unused line of credit for any period the Company maintains adjusted quick ratio thresholds as of the last day of the applicable testing month. At December 31, 2010, the Company had no amounts outstanding under the line of credit.
There were no borrowings on the line of credit during the year ended December 31, 2010, thus no interest expense during this period.
6. Lease Arrangements
The Company leases its headquartered office space in Indianapolis, IN, under an operating lease that expires in August 2016. The Company also has material operating leases for office space in Morrisville, North Carolina, London, England, and Birmingham, England, which will expire in March 2015, December 2011, and July 2016, respectively. The Company expenses rent on a straight-line basis over the life of the corresponding lease.
In 2009, the Company entered into two capitalized lease obligations for computer equipment totaling $989,000. In 2010, the Company entered into an additional capitalized lease obligation for computer equipment totaling $49,000. The carrying value of the capital leases at December 31, 2010 is $639,000 net of accumulation amortization. The leases expire in July 2012. Amortization of the equipment associated with the capital leases is included in depreciation expense. The lease obligations are collateralized by the related assets.
 
 
6. Lease Arrangements (continued)
 
Annual future minimum lease payments excluding executory costs as of December 31, 2010 are as follows:
 
Executory costs associated with the capital lease arrangements will be approximately $129,000 and $107,000 in 2011 and 2012, respectively.
Rent expense was approximately $1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2010.
In connection with the Company's primary office space lease, the Company has provided a letter of credit to the landlord in the amount of $500,000 as security for all of the Company's obligations under the terms of the lease. The letter of credit shall be renewed annually and shall not expire less than 90 days after the expiration or earlier termination of the lease. This letter of credit reduces the Company's availability under its line of credit.
 
 
7. Income Taxes
The components of income (loss) before income taxes by tax jurisdiction were as follows:
 
The following is a summary of the Company's income tax expense (benefit):
 
 
 
7. Income Taxes (continued)
 
The difference between the actual expense and the federal statutory (benefit) expense was as follows:
 
At December 31, 2010, the Company had domestic net operating loss carryforwards, including acquired net operating loss carryforwards, of approximately $49.6 million and research and development credit carryforwards of $5.3 million available to offset future taxable income for federal and state income tax purposes. Carryforwards generated prior to the completion of the issuance of the Series A Preferred Shares, Series A1 Preferred Shares, Series A2 Preferred Shares, and/or the Series B Preferred Shares may be limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 as to annual usage. Carryforwards of approximately $10.4 million received in the DoubleClick EMS acquisition are subject to a separate limit as to annual usage and have been subjected to a full valuation allowance. The carryforwards will expire beginning 2019.
At December 31, 2010, the Company had available net operating losses for UK purposes of $21.5 million, which are acquired net operating loss carryforwards received from DoubleClick Campaign Management Limited. The DoubleClick Campaign Management Limited acquired net operating loss has no expiration, but its usage is limited to income generated by former DoubleClick Campaign Management Limited activities. The Company also had available net operating losses for other foreign purposes of $1.5 million, all of which may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance against all other deferred tax assets.
 
 
7. Income Taxes (continued)
 
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's net deferred taxes at December 31, 2010 are as follows:
 
No provision has been made for United States federal and state or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because it is expected that such earnings will be reinvested in these foreign operations indefinitely. It is not practical to estimate the amount of taxes that might be payable on the eventual remittances of such earnings.
8. Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock
The Company had three series of authorized and outstanding convertible redeemable preferred stock (Preferred Stock) as follows: 9,708,737 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), 9,480,175 shares of Series A1 Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Series A1 Preferred Stock), and 13,982,282 shares of Series A2 Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the Series A2 Preferred Stock). On May 14, 2008,
 
 
8. Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (continued)
 
the Company issued and sold 9,803,920 shares of convertible redeemable preferred stock in a private placement (the Series B Preferred Stock). The Company raised approximately $14.9 million (net of $100,000 in estimated offering costs) for the sale of the Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock was sold at $1.53 per share. Holders of the Company's Preferred Stock have no contractual obligation to share in the Company's losses on any objectively determinable basis.
On May 14, 2008, the Company's Board of Directors approved an increase in the Company's authorized number of preferred shares from 40,000,000 to 50,000,000 shares.
Conversion
The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible in whole or in part, at the option of the holders thereof, into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of $2.06 per share of common stock. The Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation in connection with issuance and sale of the Series A1 Preferred Stock to provide that the conversion price of each share of the Series A Preferred Stock be reduced to the initial Series A1 Preferred Stock conversion price, or $1.26, such that each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 1.63 shares of common stock. Shares of the Series A1 Preferred Stock are convertible in whole or in part, at the option of the holders thereof, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.26 per share of common stock. Shares of the Series A2 Preferred Stock are convertible in whole or in part, at the option of the holders thereof, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.037 per share of common stock. Shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are convertible in whole or in part, at the options of the holders thereof, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.53 per share.
The applicable conversion price of the Company's preferred stock is subject to adjustment for certain corporate events, including stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like, and weighted-average anti-dilution provisions in connection with certain issuances of securities.
 
 
8. Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (continued)
 
Upon the consummation of a qualified public offering of common stock, the Company may require all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, Series A1 Preferred Stock, Series A2 Preferred Stock, and Series B Preferred Stock to be converted to common stock at the then applicable conversion price. A qualified public offering with respect to the Company's Preferred Stock is defined as an underwritten public offering, registered pursuant to the Securities Act, in which the Company raises aggregate net proceeds of at least $25.0 million and a per share offering price of at least $3.111.
Redemption
Pursuant to the Series B Preferred Stock offering, the redemption date of all classes of Preferred Stock was changed from December 21, 2010 to May 14, 2012. If, at any time after May 14, 2012, the holders of at least 60% of the Company's Preferred Stock, together as a separate class and on an as-if converted basis, request in writing, the Company shall redeem all of the shares of the Company's Preferred Stock at a price per share equal to the respective liquidation value of the Company's Preferred Stock. The liquidation value is $2.06, $1.26, $1.037, and $1.53 for each share of Series A, Series A1, Series A2, and Series B Preferred Share, respectively.
Voting
Holders of the Company's Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on all matters submitted to the common shareholders on an as-if converted to common stock basis and are entitled to vote as a separate class on matters related to (i) certain dividends or distributions on the Company's equity securities; (ii) certain redemptions, purchases, or other acquisitions of the Company's securities; (iii) the authorization, issuance, or entrance into any agreement for the issuance of securities of the Company (with certain exceptions); (iv) mergers or consolidations; (v) amendments to the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws in a manner adverse to the holders of the Company's Preferred Stock; (vi) certain liquidations, dissolutions, recapitalizations, or reorganizations; and (vii) certain actions that would increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock or adversely affect or otherwise impair the rights or priority of the holders of the Company's Preferred Stock.
 
 
8. Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (continued)
 
Liquidation
The holders of the Company's Preferred Stock are entitled to a preference upon liquidation, winding up, or dissolution of the Company. The holders shall receive an amount equal to the greater of 1) the liquidation value of the Company's Preferred Stock or 2) the amount per share of the Company's Preferred Stock that would have been payable had each share of Preferred Stock been converted to common stock immediately prior to liquidation. Should the proceeds from a liquidation event not exceed the liquidation value of the Company's Preferred Stock, then the holders of the Company's Preferred Stock would be entitled to a ratable distribution of all of the assets of the Company in proportion to the full respective liquidation value of the Company's Preferred Stock. After these payments to the holders of the Company's Preferred Stock, the remaining proceeds from the liquidation shall be distributed on a pro rata basis to the holders of the Company's common stock. As a result of the Teradata acquisition which was completed in January 2011, the Company's Preferred Stock was liquidated, and the holders received the amount they would have received had their shares been converted to common stock.
9. Stock-Based Compensation
Stock Options
As of December 31, 2010, the Company has an employee stock option plan for which 29,092,933 shares of common stock were authorized and reserved. The plan is available to employees, officers, and directors as determined by the Board of Directors. The plan allows the holder of the option to purchase common stock at the exercise price. The options issued to date upon initiation of service generally vest 20% after one year and then 1/60
th
 each month thereafter such that the options are 100% vested at the end of five years. Subsequent option grants to a participant generally vest over a three-year period. The unexercised stock options terminate on the tenth anniversary date after the date of grant (or on the fifth anniversary if the option holder is a 10% shareholder). As a result of the Teradata acquisition, all unvested and unexercised stock options were vested and cash settled in January 2011.
 
 
9. Stock-Based Compensation (continued)
 
The Company's stock option activity and related information is summarized as follows:
 
 
 
9. Stock-Based Compensation (continued)
 
The following table summarizes information about the options outstanding at December 31, 2010:
 
During the year ended December 31, 2010, the aggregate intrinsic values of stock option awards exercised was $427,000, determined at the date of option exercise.
The following table summarizes information concerning vested and expected to vest options outstanding:
 
10. Shareholders' Equity
Common Stock
In consideration for consent to approve the private placement of Series A1 Preferred Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock and holders of warrants with dilution protection will be issued an additional 6,164,277 shares of common stock, in the aggregate, upon conversion and/or exercise, as the case may be, in satisfaction of the full anti-dilution provisions of the Series A Preferred Stock and warrants. In addition to shares issuable upon exercise of common
 
 
10. Shareholders' Equity (continued)
 
stock options, the number of common shares reserved for issuance in connection with the conversion of Series A, A1, A2, and B Preferred Stock and exercise of warrants 49,139,381 and 833,885, respectively, at December 31, 2010, or 49,973,266 in the aggregate.
Treasury Stock
As of December 31, 2010, there were 611,812 shares held as treasury stock.
Restricted Stock Units
During fiscal 2010, the Company granted restricted stock awards of 1,952,178 shares to some of its officers and directors, pursuant to the Company's 2007 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. The restricted stock awards will become fully vested in January 2011. The fair value of these restricted stock awards was calculated based upon the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, and the related share-based compensation expense was recorded in 2010. Restricted stock awards are settled only in shares of the Company's common stock at the end of the restriction period.
Warrants
The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company's outstanding warrants, which are included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2010:
 
 
 
10. Shareholders' Equity (continued)
 
Common Stock Warrants
As of December 31, 2010, the Company had issued warrants exercisable for 4,570 shares of common stock. These warrants contain weighted-average dilution provisions and are exercisable at a price of $1.26 per share. Following the Series B Preferred Stock offering, the expiration dates for each common stock warrant originally set to expire on July 18, 2007 were amended to expire on May 14, 2012. The Company accounts for the common stock warrants as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and adjusts these to fair value at each balance sheet date. The total change in fair value during 2010 was approximately $589,000 and recorded in other expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The Company utilized the Black-Scholes valuation model to determine the fair value. At December 31, 2010, the Company had used a risk-free rate of 0.3%, average expected life to maturity of 1.7 years, and a weighted-average expected volatility of 51%. The fair value of the outstanding common stock warrants at December 31, 2010 was $17,000.
In May 2010 and December 2010, warrants for 253,460 and 138,795, respectively, were exercised at a price of $1.26 per share. The change in fair value determined on each of the exercise dates was approximately $350,000 and $515,000, respectively.
Preferred Stock Warrants
In 2005, in connection with the DoubleClick EMS acquisition, the Company issued warrants exercisable for a maximum of 829,315 shares of Series A2 Preferred Stock. These warrants are exercisable at a price of $1.037 per share and expire on June 13, 2012. In lieu of exercising these warrants, the holders may convert these warrants, in whole or in part, into a number of Series A2 Preferred Stock determined by dividing the aggregate fair market value of the Series A2 Preferred Stock less the aggregate warrant price per share by the fair market value of one share of Series A2 Preferred Stock. On the closing of an initial public offering, these warrants will convert into warrants to purchase shares of common stock at the then applicable conversion rate for the related preferred stock. The estimated fair value of these warrants was $3.3 million at December 31, 2010.
The Company has accounted for the Preferred Stock warrants as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. At the end of each reporting period, changes in fair value during the period are recorded as a component of other income or expense.
 
 
10. Shareholders' Equity (continued)
 
The fair value of the above warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model using the following assumptions:
 
For the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company recorded $2.4 million as other expense for the increase in fair value of the preferred stock warrants. The Company will continue to adjust the liabilities for changes in fair value until the earlier of the exercise of the warrants to purchase shares of preferred stock or the completion of a liquidation event, including the completion of an initial public offering, at which time, the liabilities will be reclassified to stockholders' equity (deficit) when the warrants are converted to common stock warrants. The fair value of preferred stock warrants was $3.3 million as of December 31, 2010.
 
 
11. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement savings plan to provide retirement benefits for substantially all of its employees. Participants in the plan may elect to contribute up to the maximum allowed by the Internal Revenue Code. The Company, at its discretion, may make annual cash contributions to the plan. The Company contributed $383,000 to the plan during the year ended December 31, 2010.
 

Exhibit 99.2
The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2010 are based on the historical financial statements of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") and Aprimo, Inc. ("Aprimo") after giving effect to the acquisition of all the capital stock of Aprimo by Teradata on January 21, 2011, and after applying the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 is presented as if our acquisition of Aprimo had occurred on December 31, 2010. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2010 is presented as if the Aprimo acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2010.
The preliminary allocation of the purchase price used in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements is based upon preliminary estimates. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in connection with our acquisition of Aprimo.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that we would have reported had the Aprimo acquisition been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating effeciencies and/or cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Teradata included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and Aprimo's historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 which are included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K/A.
TERADATA CORPORATION
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
As of December 31, 2010
 
 
See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.
TERADATA CORPORATION
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF INCOME
For the Year Ended December 31, 2010
 
 
See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Basis of Pro Forma Presentation
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2010, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2010, are based on the historical financial statements of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") and Aprimo, Inc. ("Aprimo") after giving effect to Teradata's acquisition of Aprimo on January 21, 2011, and the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of income of Teradata and Aprimo for the year ended December 31, 2010 is presented as if the Aprimo acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2010. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2010 is presented as if the Aprimo acquisition had occurred on December 31, 2010.
We account for business combinations pursuant to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). In accordance with GAAP, we recognize separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquire, generally at the acquisition date fair value. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred, which is also generally measured at fair value, and the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
We have made significant assumptions and estimates in determining the preliminary estimated purchase price and the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible assets, intangible assets and resultant goodwill. These changes could result in material variances between our future financial results and the amounts presented in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, including variances in fair values recorded, as well as expenses and cash flows associated with these items.
The unaudited condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that would have been reported had the Aprimo acquisition been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating efficiencies and associated cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies, nor does it include the effects of any future restructuring activities, including costs for severance, costs of vacating facilities and costs to exit or terminate other duplicative activities.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Teradata included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and Aprimo's historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 which are included as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K/A.
2. Reclassifications
Given the amount of intangible assets acquired as part of the Aprimo transaction, acquired intangible assets will be shown as a separate line item on the face of Teradata's consolidated balance sheet. Previously, these acquired intangible assets were included in other assets on the face of its consolidated balance sheet.
The following reclassifications have been made to the presentation of Aprimo's historical financial statements in order to conform to Teradata's presentation:
 
 
 
3. Acquisition of Aprimo, Inc.
On January 21, 2011, Teradata completed its acquisition of 100 percent of the stock of Aprimo, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated December 21, 2010. Aprimo is a global provider of integrated marketing software solutions. Aprimo is being integrated into Teradata's operations, and the Aprimo organization will support Teradata's applications strategy, including development, marketing, sales and services. The purpose of this acquisition is to advance Teradata's position in Integrated Marketing Management, building on Aprimo's established position.
Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation
Pursuant to our business combinations accounting policy, the total preliminary purchase price for Aprimo was allocated to the preliminary net tangible and intangible assets based upon their preliminary fair values as of January 21, 2011 as set forth below. The excess of the preliminary purchase price over the preliminary net tangible and preliminary intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price was based upon a preliminary valuation and our estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). The primary areas of the preliminary purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to the fair values of certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, the valuation of intangible assets acquired, income taxes and residual goodwill. We expect to continue to obtain information to assist us in determining the fair value of the net assets acquired at the acquisition date during the measurement period. Our preliminary purchase price allocation for Aprimo is as follows.
Preliminary Valuations of Intangible Assets Acquired
The following table sets forth the preliminary components of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Aprimo acquisition:
 
4. Pro Forma Adjustments
The pro forma adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The difference in estimated equity compensation expenses, between the historical amounts recognized in Teradata's and Aprimo's historical financial statements, and pro forma amounts resulting from the acquisition of Aprimo as if it occurred on January 1, 2010, was not significant.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110406084140.txt.gz
TIME:20110406084140
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 5, 2011, Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") entered into a Term Loan Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the "Term Loan Agreement") under which lenders made an unsecured term loan to Teradata in the principal amount of $300 million. Proceeds from the Term Loan Agreement were used to pay a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with the acquisition described in Item 2.01 below and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Term Loan Agreement. Under the terms of the Term Loan Agreement, Teradata is entitled, on one or more occasions prior to the maturity of the loan, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to request additional term loans under the Term Loan Agreement in the aggregate principal amount of up to $300 million, to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional term loans.
The term loan is payable in quarterly installments, commencing on June 30, 2012 (with 1.25% of the initial principal amount due on each of the first eight payment dates; 2.50% of the initial principal amount due on each of the next four payment dates; and 5.0% of the initial principal amount due on each of the next three payment dates) with all remaining principal due on April 5, 2016. The outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan Agreement bears interest at a floating rate based upon a negotiated base rate or a Eurodollar rate plus in each case a margin based on the leverage ratio of the Company.
Certain of the Company's material domestic subsidiaries have guaranteed the obligations of Teradata under the Term Loan Agreement.
The Term Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, default provisions and affirmative and negative covenants including, among others, covenants regarding the maintenance of certain financial ratios, covenants relating to financial reporting, compliance with laws, subsidiary indebtedness, limitations on liens, sale and leaseback transactions, sales of assets, mergers and other fundamental changes involving the company, asset sales, entry into certain restrictive agreements and investments.
The foregoing description of the Term Loan Agreement is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Term Loan Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Merger with Aster Data Systems, Inc.
On April 5, 2011, Teradata completed its acquisition of Aster Data Systems, Inc. ("Aster Data"), a leader and pioneer in advanced analytics and the management of a variety of unstructured, diverse data, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated March 2, 2011, by and among Teradata, Aster Data, Oakland Merger Corporation ("Merger Sub"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradata, and certain other parties thereto. As provided in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into Aster Data (the "Merger"), with Aster Data continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Teradata.
The aggregate consideration payable by Teradata in the Merger for all of the outstanding capital stock and derivative securities (including all outstanding warrants, stock options and restricted stock units) of Aster Data was $260 million, after adjusting for Aster Data's net indebtedness, transaction expenses and severance or other change-in-control related liabilities (as so adjusted, the "Merger Consideration"). The Merger Consideration excluded (i) the value of Teradata's pre-existing 11.2% equity investment in Aster Data and (ii) cash retention payments to be made following the completion of the Merger for Aster Data's unvested and committed equity awards, which amounts will be paid on pre-existing vesting schedules (subject to the terms and conditions thereof). The Merger Consideration was not adjusted, either positively or negatively, for cash held by Aster Data at closing, which was approximately $16 million.
Under the Merger Agreement, a portion of the Merger Consideration otherwise payable by Teradata in the Merger was placed into an escrow fund as security for the indemnification obligations of Aster Data's security holders under the Merger Agreement for, among other things, breaches of the representations, warranties and covenants made by Aster Data in the Merger Agreement that exceed a specified basket amount and other customary matters.
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
Forward Looking Statements
This filing and the attached press release contain forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including Teradata's ability to achieve expected synergies and operating efficiencies within the expected time-frames or at all and to successfully integrate Aster Data's operations into those of Teradata; that such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected; operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; market acceptance of Aster Data technology may be slower than expected; recurring revenue may decline, fail to be renewed or fail to grow at expected levels; and the retention of certain key employees of Aster Data may be difficult. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include: the possibility that expected benefits of the Merger (including, without limitation, technology lead and differentiation, market adoption and revenue growth) may not materialize as expected; that Aster Data's technology portfolio may not be as robust or as easy to integrate into Teradata's existing portfolio as believed; and other risks that are described in Teradata's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
The disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.
 
On April 6, 2011, Teradata issued a press release announcing completion of the Merger, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached to this Current Report:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: April 6, 2011
 
 
The following is a list of the schedules to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Teradata Corporation, Oakland Merger Corporation, Aster Data Systems, Inc. and certain other parties thereto (by reference to section headings) which have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Teradata Corporation will provide the omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

Exhibit 1.1
 
 
 
Published CUSIP Number:
                    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This is entered into as of April 5, 2011 (this ""), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the "" and, individually, a ""), , as Administrative Agent, and , as Syndication Agent.
TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
Lenders
Lender
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
The Borrower has requested the Lenders to make the term loans provided for herein on the Closing Date, the proceeds of which shall be used (a) to fund in part the acquisition (the "") by the Borrower or one of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries by merger of all of the capital stock of Aster Data Systems, Inc. and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The Lenders are willing to make such term loans upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
Acquisition
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
Section 1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
Defined Terms
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals hereto.
Acquisition
"" means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 2, 2011 among the Borrower, Aster Data Systems, Inc., Oakland Merger Corporation and certain other parties pursuant to which the Acquisition is to be effected.
Acquisition Agreement
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Additional Lenders
Section 2.20
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Additional Term Loan
Section 2.20
"" means one or more Additional Term Loans made on the same day.
Additional Term Loan Tranche
"" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1%) equal to (a) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate.
Adjusted Eurodollar Rate
"" means, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) 1.00% per annum (b) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate for a one month Interest Period on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day); that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate for any day shall be based on the rate appearing on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page (or on any successor or substitute page) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day (without any rounding).
Adjusted One Month Eurodollar Rate
plus
provided
"" means JPMCB in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.
Administrative Agent
"" means the Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account set forth in , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.
Administrative Agent's Office
Schedule 9.01
"" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
"" means the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans which may be made hereunder.
Aggregate Loan Amount
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Agreement
"" means the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b) the Federal Funds Rate 0.50% and (c) the Adjusted One Month Eurodollar Rate 1.00%. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted One Month Eurodollar Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted One Month Eurodollar Rate, respectively.
Alternate Base Rate
plus
plus
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans represented by the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans held by such Lender.
Applicable Percentage
"" means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to :
Applicable Rate
Section 5.01(c)
 
For the period from the Closing Date until the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2011 pursuant to , the Applicable Rate shall equal Pricing Level II. Thereafter, any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to ; , , that if a Compliance
Section 5.01(c)
Section 5.01(c)
provided
however
 
Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing Level IV shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of .
Section 2.13
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Approved Fund
Section 9.04(b)
"" means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers.
Arrangers
"" means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
Assignment and Assumption
Section 9.04
Exhibit B
"" means, on any date, in respect of any lease of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as lessee, entered into as part of a sale and leaseback transaction subject to , (a) if such lease is a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) if such lease is not a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under such lease that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation.
Attributable Indebtedness
Section 6.03
"" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with , and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.
Audited Financial Statements
Section 5.01(a)
"" means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Alternate Base Rate.
Base Rate Loan
"" means a Borrowing comprised of Base Rate Loans.
Base Rate Loan Borrowing
"" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.
Board
"" means Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Borrower
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Borrower Materials
Section 5.02
"" means all of the Loans or portions thereof of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
Borrowing
 
"" means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with .
Borrowing Request
Section 2.03
"" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent's Office is located; that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the term "" shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in dollars in the London interbank market.
Business Day
provided
Business Day
"" of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligations
"" means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than an employee benefit plan or related trust of the Borrower or of the Borrower and any Subsidiaries, of shares representing more than 25% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated.
Change in Control
"" means (a) the adoption of any law, rule, treaty or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule, treaty or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of , by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender's holding company, if any) with any rule, request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a "Change in Law", regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
Change in Law
Section 2.15(b)
provided
"" means the first date on which all the conditions precedent in are satisfied or waived in accordance with (or, in the case of , waived by the Person entitled to receive the applicable payment).
Closing Date
Section 4.01
Section 9.02
Section 4.01(b)
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
Code
 
"" means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make a Loan on the Closing Date. The amount of each Lender's Commitment is set forth on . The aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments is $300,000,000.
Commitment
Schedule 2.01
"" means a certificate substantially in the form of .
Compliance Certificate
Exhibit E
"" means, for any period, the difference for such period between (a) the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) interest expense and (ii) the portion of any payments or accruals with respect to Capital Lease Obligations allocable to interest expense and (iii) capitalized interest expense and (b) to the extent included in interest expense, the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) pay-in-kind interest expense and (ii) the amortization of debt discounts, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Cash Interest Expense
"" means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period , to the extent deducted in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (a) income tax expense, (b) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, (c) depreciation and amortization expense, and (d) extraordinary losses during such period and nonrecurring noncash charges during such period (provided that any cash expenditure in respect of any such noncash charge will be deducted in computing Consolidated EBITDA for a period in which such expenditure is made), , to the extent added in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (i) income tax benefit and (ii) extraordinary or nonrecurring gains during such period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated EBITDA
plus
minus
"" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and such Subsidiaries for that period.
Consolidated Net Income
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, all tangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Tangible Assets
"" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
"" means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Debtor Relief Laws
"" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
Default
 
"" means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in .
Disclosed Matters
Schedule 1.01
"" or "" refers to lawful money of the United States of America.
dollars
$
"" means all (a) laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances and (b) all orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority and by or affecting the Borrower, in each case relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.
Environmental Laws
"" means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
Environmental Liability
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.
ERISA
"" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA and Sections 412 and 430 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) any "reportable event", as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.
ERISA Event
"" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing for any Interest Period, the rate appearing on Reuters Screen Page LIBOR01 (or on any successor or
Eurodollar Rate
 
substitute page of Reuters, or any successor to or substitute for Reuters, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of Reuters, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to dollar deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for dollar deposits with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the "" with respect to such Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing for such Interest Period shall be the rate at which dollar deposits of $5,000,000 and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.
Eurodollar Rate
"" means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Eurodollar Rate.
Eurodollar Rate Loan
"" means a Borrowing comprised of Eurodollar Rate Loans.
Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Events of Default
Section 7.01
"" means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise Taxes imposed on (or measured by) net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Taxes imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under ), (i) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes resulting from any Law in effect on the date such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), (ii) any withholding taxes imposed under FATCA, or (iii) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes that are attributable to such Foreign Lender's failure (except where such failure is a result of a Change in Law) to comply with , in each case, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Taxes pursuant to .
Excluded Taxes
Section 2.19(b)
Section 2.17(f)
Section 2.17(a)
"" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement and any regulations or official interpretations thereof; , , FATCA shall also include any amendments to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code if, as amended, FATCA provides a commercially reasonable mechanism to avoid the tax imposed thereunder by satisfying the information reporting and other requirements of FATCA.
FATCA
provided
however
"" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal
Federal Funds Rate
 
Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to JPMCB on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.
provided
"" means a Lender which is not a U.S. Person.
Foreign Lender
"" means a Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
Foreign Subsidiary
"" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
GAAP
"" means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government.
Governmental Authority
"" of or by any Person (the "") means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.
Guarantee
guarantor
primary obligor
provided
"" means, collectively, each Subsidiary party to the Guaranty as of the Closing Date and each other Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes and delivers a guaranty or guaranty supplement pursuant to .
Guarantors
Section 5.08
"" means the Guaranty Agreement made by the Guarantors in favor of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of , together with each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to .
Guaranty
Exhibit D
Section 5.08
"" means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
 
"" means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.
Hedging Agreement
"" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (if such Person has not assumed such Indebtedness of others, then the amount of Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of (A) the amount of such Indebtedness of others and (B) the fair market value of such property, as reasonably determined by the Borrower), (e) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (f) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (g) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of standby letters of credit and letters of guaranty (x) supporting Indebtedness or (y) obtained for any purpose not in the ordinary course of business and (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers' acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person's ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
Indebtedness
"" means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) Other Taxes.
Indemnified Taxes
"" means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated March 7, 2011 relating to the Borrower distributed to prospective Lenders in connection with the syndication of the Commitments.
Information Memorandum
"" means the Loans made on the Closing Date.
Initial Loans
"" means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with .
Interest Election Request
Section 2.08
"" means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and (b) with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan, the last Business Day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months' duration, each Business Day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months' duration, after the first day of such Interest Period.
Interest Payment Date
"" means, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months (or other periods agreed to by all Lenders) thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; , that (i) if any Interest Period would
Interest Period
provided
 
end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing.
"" means, with respect to any Person, any acquisition or investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means of any of the following: (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any equity interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital contribution to, Guarantee of obligations of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person. Any binding commitment to make an Investment in any other Person, as well as any option of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment. For purposes of determining compliance with any covenant contained in this Agreement, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.
Investment
"" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
IRS
"" means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors and assigns.
JPMCB
"" means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.
Laws
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and includes Additional Lenders.
Lenders
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio as of such day of (a) Total Indebtedness to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such last day.
Leverage Ratio
"" means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention
Lien
 
agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
"" means this Agreement, each Note, the Fee Letter and the Guaranty.
Loan Documents
"" means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to , which, in each case, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of hereto.
Loan Notice
Section 2.08
Exhibit A
"" means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor, or any combination of the foregoing.
Loan Parties
"" means the term loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, including Additional Term Loans made pursuant to .
Loans
Section 2.20
"" means "margin stock" as defined in Regulations U and X of the Board.
Margin Stock
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means Indebtedness (other than the Loans), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $25,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the "principal amount" of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time.
Material Indebtedness
"" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower which (a) has total assets equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as of the most recent fiscal period with respect to which the Lenders shall have received financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to or (b) (or if prior to delivery of any financial statements pursuant to such Sections, then calculated with respect to the year end financial statements referenced in ) (the "")) or (b) has income equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Net Income (calculated for the most recent period for which the Lenders have received the Required Financial Information); , , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Material Subsidiary" shall mean each of those Subsidiaries that together with the Borrower and each other Material Subsidiary (i) have assets equal to not less than 80% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as described above) and (ii) generate not less than 80% of Consolidated Net Income; that if more than one combination of Subsidiaries satisfies such threshold, then those Subsidiaries so determined to be "Material Subsidiaries" shall be specified by the Borrower; , , that there shall be excluded from the definition of "Material Subsidiaries" and the computations set forth above, any Foreign Subsidiaries.
Material Subsidiary
Sections 5.01(a)
Section 3.04(a)
Required Financial Information
provided
however
provided
further
provided
further
 
"" means the fifth anniversary of the date of this Agreement.
Maturity Date
"" means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means a sale of accounts receivable by the Borrower or a Subsidiary to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower for fair value (i.e., reflecting a fair market discount from face value) and solely for cash consideration payable at the time of such sale; that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary provides any Guarantee with respect to the payment or collection of any such account receivable or any portion thereof and the purchaser has no recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or to their assets, in the event of nonpayment of all or any portion of any such account receivable; , , that customary representations and warranties of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with any such sale as to the ownership, validity, absence of Liens, setoff rights and counterclaims and similar matters with respect to the accounts receivable sold (but not as to collectability or creditworthiness of the account debtor) shall not preclude treatment of a sale of such receivables as a Non-Recourse Receivables Sale.
Non-Recourse Receivables Sale
provided
provided
further
"" means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a note and evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of hereto.
Note
Exhibit C
"" means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorney fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligations of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower.
Obligations
"" means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan Document).
Other Connection Taxes
"" means any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar excise or property Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the registration, receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any
Other Taxes
 
Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under ).
Section 2.19(b)
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Participant
Section 9.04(c)
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Participant Register
Section 9.04(c)
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.
PBGC
"" means:
Permitted Encumbrances
(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with ;
Section 5.04
(b) Liens upon the equity interest or assets of any subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that does not exceed $15,000,000;
(c) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, repairmen's and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with ;
Section 5.04
(d) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
(e) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and
(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; that the term "Permitted Encumbrances" shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.
provided
"" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.
Person
"" means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
Plan
 
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Platform
Section 5.02
"" means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective.
Prime Rate
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Public Lender
Section 5.02
"" means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) any Lender.
Recipient
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Register
Section 9.04(b)(iv)
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means, at any time, Lenders holding Loans representing more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Loans outstanding at such time.
Required Lenders
"" means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.
Responsible Officer
"" means that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2007, by and among the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the other Lenders party thereto (as the same has been amended through the date hereof).
Revolving Credit Agreement
"" means that certain real property located at 17087 Via Del Campo, 17089 Via Del Campo, 17093 Via Del Campo San Diego CA and 17095 Via Del Campo, San Diego, California, and described as Parcel 2 of Parcel Map No. 13441 filed in the Office of the Recorder of the County of San Diego on August 24, 1984 as Document No. 84-324480 of Official Records.
San Diego Facility
"" has the meaning specified in .
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.03(a)
"" means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as "Eurocurrency Liabilities" in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentage shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements
Statutory Reserve Rate
 
without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. As of the date hereof the Statutory Reserve Rate is 1.
"" means, with respect to any Person (the "") at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent's consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.
subsidiary
parent
"" means any subsidiary of the Borrower.
Subsidiary
"" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a ""), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
Swap Contract
Master Agreement
"" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Swap Termination Value
"" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
 
"" means, as of any date, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on such date, without duplication, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and regardless of whether such Indebtedness would be reflected on a balance sheet.
Total Indebtedness
"" means (a) the Initial Loans, collectively, and (b) each Additional Term Loan Tranche.
Tranche
"" means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans and the use of the proceeds thereof.
Transactions
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate or the Alternate Base Rate.
Type
"" means any acquisition that has not, at the time of the first public announcement of an offer relating thereto, been approved by the board of directors of the Person to be acquired. For purposes of this definition, "" shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is the surviving entity.
Unfriendly Acquisition
acquisition
"" means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
U.S. Person
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(D)(2).
U.S. Tax Certificate
"" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
"" means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.
Withholding Agent
Section 1.02 . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a "Eurodollar Rate Loan"). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Type (e.g., a "Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing").
Classification of Loans and Borrowings
Section 1.03 . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or
Terms Generally
 
otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (f) references to "the date hereof" or "the date of this Agreement" shall refer to the Closing Date.
Section 1.04 . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; that, if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.
Accounting Terms; GAAP
provided
Section 1.05 . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
Times of Day
Section 2.01 . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make a Loan in dollars to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount equal to such Lender's Commitment.
Commitments
Section 2.02 . (a) The Loans made on the Closing Date shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make its Loans required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender's failure to make Loans as required hereunder.
Loans and Borrowings
provided
(b) Subject to , each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurodollar Rate Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Section 2.14
provided
 
(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. At the time that each Base Rate Loan Borrowing is made (or a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing is converted in whole or in part into a Base Rate Loan Borrowing), such Base Rate Loan Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time.
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.
Section 2.03 . (a) The $300,000,000 Borrowing on the Closing Date shall be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing and shall be disbursed as provided in the letter of direction referred to in .
Initial Borrowing
Section 4.01(a)(vii)
(b) Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in and , the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting an account of the Borrower on the books of JPMCB with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower.
Section 4.01
4.02
(c) Except in connection with the incurrence of Additional Term Loans, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders.
(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate used in determining the Alternate Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.
(e) After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than four Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans.
(f) The failure of any Lender to make any Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
Section 2.04 .
[Reserved]
Section 2.05 .
[Reserved]
 
Section 2.06 .
[Reserved]
Section 2.07 . (a) . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent's Office in dollars and in immediately available funds not later than 12:00 noon on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender's Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 12:00 noon shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
Payments Generally; Administrative Agent's Clawback
General
(b) (i) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by ) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Federal Funds Rate, any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent
Section 2.03
Section 2.03
plus
(ii) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon
Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent
 
such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
(c) . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent
Article II
Article IV
(d) . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under .
Obligations of Lenders Several
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
(e) . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
Funding Source
Section 2.08 . (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type and, as applicable, shall have the Interest Period specified in or pursuant to or , as applicable. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.
Interest Elections
Section 2.03
2.20
(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by (i) in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the effective date of such election or (ii) in the case of a Base Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the effective date of such election, immediately followed, in each case by a Loan Notice. Each such telephonic Interest Election
 
Request and corresponding written Loan Notice shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower.
(c) Each telephonic Interest Election Request and subsequent written Loan Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Section 2.02
(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);
(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Loan Borrowing or a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing; and
(iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period".
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's duration.
(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender's portion of each resulting Borrowing.
(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
Section 2.09 . The Commitments shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Closing Date upon the funding of the Initial Loans.
Termination of Commitments
Section 2.10 . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the Initial Loans in full by making installment payments of the
Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
 
principal thereof to the Administrative Agent for the ratable (relative to principal amount of Initial Loans held) account of the Lenders as follows:
(i) on each date set forth below the Borrower shall make a payment in an amount equal to the aggregate initial principal amount of the Initial Loans multiplied by the percentage set forth opposite such date below:
 
(ii) On the Maturity Date the Borrower will pay a final installment in an amount equal to the entire unpaid principal balance of the Initial Loans.
(b) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to repay the Additional Term Loans comprising each Additional Term Loan Tranche in full by making installment payments of the principal thereof to the Administrative Agent for the ratable (relative to principal amount of such Additional Term Loans held) account of the applicable Additional Lenders as follows:
(i) on each date set forth below occurring after the making of such Additional Term Loans, the Borrower shall make a payment in an amount equal
 
to the aggregate initial principal amount of the applicable Additional Term Loan Tranche multiplied by the percentage set forth opposite such date below:
 
(ii) On the Maturity Date the Borrower will pay a final installment in an amount equal to the entire unpaid principal balance of such Additional Term Loans.
(c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
(d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof.
 
(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (c) or (d) of this Section shall be evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
prima
facie
provided
(f) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a Note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns). Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to ) be represented by one or more Notes payable to the payee named therein (or, if such Note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
Section 9.04
Section 2.11 . (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with . Each prepayment shall be applied (i) ratably (relative to the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof) among the Tranches and (ii) within each Tranche, to the remaining principal installments thereof in inverse order of maturity, allocable to the applicable Lenders ratably relative to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans in such Tranche held.
Prepayment of Loans
Section 2.11(b)
(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment under paragraph (a) above (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Base Rate Loan Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 and an integral multiple of $1,000,000. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. All prepayments of the Loans shall be applied to principal installments on the Loans in the inverse order of maturity. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by .
Section 2.13
Section 2.12 . The Borrower shall pay fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
Fees
Section 2.13 . (a) The Loans comprising each Base Rate Loan Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate the Applicable Rate.
Interest
plus
(b) The Loans comprising each Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing the Applicable Rate.
plus
 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2% the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section.
plus
plus
(d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurodollar Rate Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion and (iv) all accrued interest shall be payable on the Maturity Date. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
provided
(e) All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The applicable Alternate Base Rate or Adjusted Eurodollar Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Section 2.14 . If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing:
Alternate Rate of Interest
(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate or the Eurodollar Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period; or
(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate or the Eurodollar Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing shall be ineffective and (ii)
 
if any Loan Notice requests a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made as a Base Rate Loan Borrowing.
Section 2.15 . (a) If any Change in Law shall:
Increased Costs
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate);
(ii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender; or
(iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Excluded Taxes);
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand such compensation; that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor;
provided
provided
further
 
that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
Section 2.16 . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurodollar Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (d) the assignment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Eurodollar Rate Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate that would have been applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
Break Funding Payments
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.19
Section 2.17 . (a) . Each payment by or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by any law. If any Withholding Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Withholding Agent may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made.
Taxes
Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up
(b) . The Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower
(c) . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such
Evidence of Payments
 
Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
(d) . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient for any Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable by such Recipient in connection with any Loan Document (including amounts paid or payable under this ) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this shall be paid within 10 days after the Recipient delivers to any Loan Party a certificate stating the amount of any Indemnified Taxes so paid or payable by such Recipient and describing the basis for the indemnification claim. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. Such Recipient shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Administrative Agent.
Indemnification by the Borrower
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.17(d)
(e) . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this shall be paid within 10 days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error.
Indemnification by the Lenders
Section 2.17(e)
(f) . (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to any withholding (including backup withholding) or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in through  below) shall not be required if in the Lender's judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any Lender shall update any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this (to the extent it is legally eligible to do so). If any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect with respect to a Lender, such Lender shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days after such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy) notify such Borrower and the Administrative
Status of Lenders
Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A)
(F)
Section 2.17(f)
 
Agent in writing of such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy and update the form or certification if it is legally eligible to do so.
(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, any Lender with respect to such Borrower shall, if it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies reasonably requested by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto, duly completed and executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable:
(A) in the case of a Lender that is a U.S. Person, IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax;
(B) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (1) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (2) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income" article of such tax treaty;
(C) in the case of a Foreign Lender for whom payments under this Agreement constitute income that is effectively connected with such Lender's conduct of a trade or business in the United States, IRS Form W-8ECI;
(D) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code both (1) IRS Form W-8BEN and (2) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F (a "") to the effect that such Lender is not (a) a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (b) a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code (c) a "controlled foreign corporation" described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (d) conducting a trade or business in the United States with which the relevant interest payments are effectively connected;
U.S. Tax Certificate
(E) in the case of a Foreign Lender that is not the beneficial owner of payments made under this Agreement (including a partnership or a participating Lender) (1) an IRS Form W-8IMY on behalf of itself and (2) the relevant forms prescribed in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (F) of this paragraph (f)(ii) that would be required of each such beneficial owner or partner of such partnership if such beneficial owner or partner were a Lender; , , that if the Lender is a partnership and one or
provided
however
 
more of its partners are claiming the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate on behalf of such partners; or
(F) any other form prescribed by law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax together with such supplementary documentation necessary to enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the amount of Tax (if any) required by law to be withheld.
(iii) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this , "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Section 2.17(f)(iii)
(g) . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this (including additional amounts paid pursuant to this ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments previously made under this with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid to such indemnifying party pursuant to the previous sentence (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this , in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to any indemnifying party pursuant to this if such payment would place such indemnified party in a less favorable position (on a net after-Tax basis) than such indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
Treatment of Certain Refunds
Section 2.17
Section 2.17
Section 2.17
Section 2.17(g)
Section 2.17(g)
Section 2.17(g)
(h) . Each party's obligations under this shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the
Survival
Section 2.17
 
Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations under the Loan Documents.
Section 2.18 . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest or fees, or of amounts payable under , or , or otherwise) from a location in the United States of America prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Office, except that payments pursuant to , , and shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars.
Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs
Section 2.15
2.16
2.17
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties.
(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans; that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph (c) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph (c) shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
provided
 
(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.
(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to or , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender's obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.
Section 2.07(b)
2.18(c)
Section 2.19 . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to or , as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
Section 2.15
2.17
(b) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in , all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under or payments required to be made pursuant to , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
Section 9.04)
provided
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
 
Section 2.20 . The Borrower may, at its option, on one or more occasions prior to the Maturity Date, seek to receive one or more additional term loans pursuant to this (each an ""). The Borrower may request Additional Term Loans in a minimum aggregate amount for all Additional Term Loans to be made on a specified day of not less than $50,000,000 or an increment of $5,000,000 in excess thereof by written notice to the Administrative Agent, which notice shall be delivered at a time when no Default has occurred and is continuing and which notice shall specify (a) the proposed date of such Additional Term Loans, which shall (i) be a Business Day upon which a new Interest Period will commence with respect to all outstanding Loans (by virtue of either the expiry of pre-existing Interest Periods or an election made by the Borrower pursuant to ) and (ii) be not less than ten Business Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Persons making the Additional Term Loans (each an "")), nor more than forty-five days after the date of such notice, (b) the aggregate amount of such Additional Term Loans, (c) the Type of Loans selected and (d) in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan Borrowing, the Interest Period applicable thereto; , that the aggregate amount of all Additional Term Loans made pursuant to this shall not exceed $300,000,000 (resulting in a maximum Aggregate Loan Amount of $600,000,000). The Borrower may, after giving such notice, offer the Additional Term Loan on either a ratable basis to the Lenders or a non pro-rata basis to one or more Lenders and/or to other banks or entities reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Any Lender may, in its sole discretion, accept or reject any offer from the Borrower to make an Additional Term Loan. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in such Additional Term Loan) shall be required for any Additional Term Loan pursuant to this . No Additional Term Loans shall be required to be made unless (a) the Additional Lenders, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have entered into an agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent pursuant to which (i) each Additional Lender shall agree to the amount of the new Additional Term Loan to be made by it, (ii) each Additional Lender not party to this Agreement prior to the date of such Additional Term Loan shall agree to assume and accept the obligations and rights of a Lender hereunder, (iii) the Borrower shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower dated the date of the making of the new Additional Term Loans in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent evidencing the Borrower's compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the proposed Additional Term Loans, with the financial covenants herein recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower for which financial statements are available, and (b) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of shall be satisfied and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Substantially contemporaneously with the satisfaction of the foregoing conditions, each Additional Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower the amount of its Additional Term Loan in immediately available funds as set forth in . Each Additional Term Loan shall be a "Loan" hereunder subject to all the terms and conditions hereof.
Additional Term Loans
Section 2.20
Additional Term Loan
Section 2.08
Additional Lender
provided
Section 2.20
Section 2.20
Section 4.02
Section 2.03(b)
The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:
 
Section 3.01 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.
Organization; Powers
Section 3.02 . The Transactions are within the Borrower's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Authorization; Enforceability
Section 3.03 . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate in any material respect any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violation by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations by the Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate in any material respect or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, other than any such violation or default by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations and defaults by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries.
Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts
Section 3.04 . (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, audited by PriceWaterhouseCoopers, L.L.P.. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP, subject to audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change
(b) There has been no material adverse change with respect to the business, operations, performance, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since December 31, 2010.
Section 3.05 . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.
Properties
 
(b) Except for Disclosed Matters, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and other intellectual property (other than patents) material to its business without written notice of conflict with the rights of any other Person, except for any such conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except for Disclosed Matters, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is aware of any claim that its products or services infringe any third party patent, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.06 . (a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings or ongoing investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against, nor has the Borrower received written notice threatening any action, suit, proceeding or investigation against or affecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (i) which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
Litigation and Environmental Matters
(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.
(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.07 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing.
Compliance with Laws and Agreements
Section 3.08 . Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries is an "investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Investment Company Status
Section 3.09 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves.
Taxes
Section 3.10 . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably
ERISA
 
expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than 15%.
Section 3.11 . The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information, including the Information Memorandum, furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), as of the date furnished or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Disclosure
provided
Section 3.12 . (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock.
Federal Reserve Regulations
(b) No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or (ii) for any purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof.
Section 3.13 . The proceeds of the Loans will be used only (a) to fund in part the Acquisition and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, including acquisitions, subject to the limitations set forth in .
Use of Proceeds
Section 6.06
Section 3.14 . As of the date hereof, the Persons listed on are the only Subsidiaries and the Subsidiaries indicated on such schedule to be Material Subsidiaries are the only Material Subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.14
Section 4.01 . The obligation of each of the Lenders to make its Loan on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Certain Conditions of Initial Borrowing
 
(a) The Administrative Agent's receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:
(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower;
(ii) an original Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note;
(iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer on behalf of such Loan Party in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;
(iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrower and Guarantors is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, including, certified copies of the Borrower's organization documents, certificates of good standing and/or qualification to engage in business and tax clearance certificates;
(v) favorable written opinions addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated as of the Closing Date of (i) Margaret A. Treese, Chief Corporate and Governance Counsel of the Borrower and (ii) Thompson Hine LLP, special counsel to the Borrower covering such matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request;
(vi) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals of Governmental Authorities and other Persons required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and, required in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required;
 
(vii) a letter of direction containing funds flow information, with respect to the proceeds of the Loans on the Closing Date;
(viii) (A) copies of the financial statements referred to in and (B), and a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (1) that the conditions specified in and  have been satisfied, (2) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and (3) compliance with and 6.12 as of the most recent fiscal quarter end;
Sections 5.01(a)
Sections 4.02(a)
(b)
Section 6.11
(ix) copies of financial projections (including the balance sheets and statements of income and cash flows and giving effect to the Acquisition, the Borrower's acquisition of Aprimo, Inc., and the financing contemplated hereby) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the three fiscal years following the Closing Date, together with such information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to confirm the tax, legal, and business assumptions made therein, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; and
(x) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require.
(b) Any fees and expenses required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid.
(c) The Borrower shall have (i) completed (or substantially concurrently with the making of the Loans on the Closing Date will complete) the Acquisition substantially in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreement and (ii) delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate to such effect signed on the Closing Date by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower accompanied by a true, correct and complete copy of the Acquisition Agreement and all amendments thereto.
(d) The Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings ( that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent).
plus
provided
(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received an effective waiver, in form and substance satisfactory to it, from the "Required Lenders" under the Revolving Credit Agreement with respect to any breach of Section 6.08 of the Revolving Credit Agreement
 
resulting from any Loan Party's execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
Section 9.02
Section 4.01
Section 4.02 . The obligation of each Lender to make its Loan on the Closing Date, and the obligation of any Additional Lender to make any Additional Term Loan in accordance with is subject to the following conditions precedent:
Conditions to all Borrowings
Section 2.20
(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Loan or Additional Term Loan, as applicable, (i) except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, (ii) except that for purposes of this in connection with any Additional Term Loans, the representations and warranties contained in   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of .
Article III
Section 4.02
Section
3.04
Section 5.01
(b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Loan or from the application of the proceeds thereof.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice or the certificates referred to in with respect to Additional Term Loans, as applicable, in accordance with the requirements hereof.
Section 2.20
(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Until the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 5.01 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent:
Financial Statements and Other Information
(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form
 
the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers, L.L.P., or other independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing (without a "going concern" or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;
(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Responsible Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations (A) of the components of the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal period in respect of which such financial statements are being delivered and (B) confirming compliance with and 6.12 and each other provision of imposing a numerical limit, and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements referred to in and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
Sections 6.11
Article VI
Section 3.04
(d) concurrently with any delivery of consolidated financial statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their audit of such consolidated financial statements of any Default insofar as it relates to accounting matters (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines);
(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; and
(f) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
 
Section 5.02 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:
Notices of Material Events
(a) the occurrence of any Default;
(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $25,000,000; and
(d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.
Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, "") by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the "") and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a "") may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons' securities. Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked "PUBLIC" which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word "PUBLIC" shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (ii) by marking Borrower Materials "PUBLIC," the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws , , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in ); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked "PUBLIC" are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated "Public Investor;" and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked "PUBLIC" as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated "Public Investor." Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower shall be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials "PUBLIC."
Borrower Materials
Platform
Public Lender
(provided
however
Section 9.12
Section 5.03 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises
Existence; Conduct of Business
 
material to the conduct of its business; that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under .
provided
Section 6.04
Section 5.04 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Payment of Obligations
Section 5.05 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations (after giving effect to customary self insurance).
Maintenance of Properties; Insurance
Section 5.06 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities (including with respect to ERISA if applicable). The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested.
Books and Records; Inspection Rights
Section 5.07 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including ERISA if applicable) of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except such as may be contested by the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist and except for noncompliance by any Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all noncompliance by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws
Section 5.08 . Within 60 days after the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Material Subsidiary by any Loan Party, the Borrower shall, at the Borrower's expense, (a) cause such Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such Subsidiary (if it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Material Subsidiary shall join as a party to the Guaranty (or execute and deliver a separate new Guaranty substantially in the form of the existing Guaranty), and (b) if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, deliver to the Administrative Agent, a signed copy of a favorable opinion of counsel for the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to the
Material Subsidiaries
 
Administrative Agent (certain of which opinions, in the Administrative Agent's discretion, may be given by in-house counsel) as to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Section 5.09 . The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (a) to fund in part the Acquisition and (b) for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries not in contravention of any Law or any Loan Document.
Use of Proceeds
Until the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 6.01 . The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:
Subsidiary Indebtedness
(a) the Obligations;
(b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary;
(c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted under this Agreement;
(d) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit;
(e) Indebtedness of a special purpose subsidiary which is established for the purpose of issuing Indebtedness guaranteed by the Borrower and which does not own any material assets other than an intercompany loan(s) to the Borrower; and
(f) other Indebtedness of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that, when aggregated (without duplication) with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (c) of , with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to clause (b) of and with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to clause (a) of does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.02
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 5.01
Section 6.02 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:
Liens
(a) Permitted Encumbrances;
 
(b) filings of UCC financing statements or other similar filings in foreign jurisdictions with respect to Non-Recourse Receivables Sales permitted by ; and
Section 6.05
(c) other Liens not otherwise permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that when aggregated (without duplication) with all Indebtedness incurred under , with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to and with the any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.01(e)
Section 6.03(b)
Section 6.03(a)
Section 5.01
Section 6.03 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into or permit to exist any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred; , , that, notwithstanding the above, the Borrower or any Subsidiary may engage in or permit to exist (a) any sale and leaseback of the San Diego Facility, that if the Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith exceeds $100,000,000, the amount of such Attributable Indebtedness in excess of $100,000,000 (the "") shall be included in the calculations set forth in , and clause (b) of this Section, and (b) any other sale and leaseback transaction if, immediately after the consummation of such transaction, the aggregate outstanding amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with all sale and leaseback transactions referred to in this clause (b) of this Section, when aggregated (without duplication) with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred under clause (a) of this Section, all Indebtedness incurred under and with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to , does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to . In addition, and notwithstanding the above, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, free from the restriction contained in this Section, lease back all or a portion of real property (and any related personal property or fixtures) sold by it, that such lease is for a term not in excess of six months and such sale is not entered into for financing purposes.
Sale and Leaseback Transactions
provided
however
provided
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.01(f)
Section 6.02(c)
Section 6.01(e)
Section 6.02(c)
Section 5.01
provided
Section 6.04 . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of the Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Person may merge with or into any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary and any Material
Fundamental Changes
 
Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or any other Material Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary may merge with or into any Material Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Material Subsidiary and (v) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and any distribution or other transfer of assets in connection with such liquidation or dissolution is made to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in an amount consistent with such Person's ownership percentage of the Subsidiary being dissolved or liquidated.
(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any line of business material to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than businesses currently conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and businesses in the information technologies or computer industries and businesses reasonably related thereto.
Section 6.05 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or a substantial portion of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired), except that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (i) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory as a part of the outsourcing of a manufacturing activity previous conducted by the Borrower pursuant to which the Borrower or the Subsidiaries intend to repurchase substantially all of such inventory (or goods manufactured therewith) for resale to customers, (ii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory and obsolete equipment, in the ordinary course of business, (iii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any individual transaction not related to any other such transaction if the aggregate fair market value of the assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in such transaction is less than $5,000,000, (iv) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in any transaction permitted by , (v) sell accounts receivable in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, that the aggregate amount of accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries which shall have been sold in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales pursuant to this during any fiscal quarter shall not exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of the amount equal to the aggregate amount outstanding of all accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter the aggregate amount of such accounts receivable sold during such quarter in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, (vi) sell (and leaseback) the San Diego Facility to the extent permitted under , and (vii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any other transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement, that the aggregate book value of all assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in transactions under this clause (vii) shall not when taken together at the time of each such sale, lease or other disposition exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to at such time.
Asset Sales
Section 6.04(a)(iii)
provided
Section 6.05
plus
Section 6.03
provided
Section 5.01
Section 6.06 . No Loan proceeds will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (a) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, (b) for any
Margin Stock; Unfriendly Acquisitions
 
purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof, or directly or through any Subsidiary, to finance any Unfriendly Acquisition, or (c) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default, to finance any acquisition.
Section 6.07 . The Borrower will not change its fiscal year end from December 31.
Fiscal Year
Section 6.08 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions identified on (but shall apply to any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (vi) the foregoing shall not apply to such restrictions and conditions applicable to any Subsidiary acquired after the date hereof if such restrictions and conditions existed at the time such Subsidiary was acquired and were not created in anticipation of such acquisition and (vii) the foregoing shall not apply to one or more Subsidiaries having any such restriction or condition so long as any such Subsidiary is not a Material Subsidiary, and each such Subsidiary together with all other such Subsidiaries in the aggregate shall not account for more than 10% of the gross revenues for the most recently ended fiscal year of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Restrictive Agreements
provided
Schedule 6.08
Section 6.09 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary (each, a ""), whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms' length transaction with a Person other than a Non-Material Subsidiary.
Transactions with Non-Material Subsidiaries
Non-Material Subsidiary
Section 6.10 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, hold any Investments, except (a) Investments permitted under and not prohibited by and (b) other Investments that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Investments
Section 6.01
Section 6.06
 
Section 6.11 . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Cash Interest Expense for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be less than 3.00 to 1.00.
Cash Interest Coverage Ratio
Section 6.12 . The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be more than 3.00 to 1.00.
Leverage Ratio
Section 7.01 . If any of the following events ("") shall occur:
Events of Default
Events of Default
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this ) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five days;
Article VII
(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;
(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in or (with respect to the Borrower's existence) or in ;
Section 5.02
5.03
Article VI
(e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);
(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be in default with respect to any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness;
(g) (i) any "Event of Default" shall occur under the Revolving Credit Agreement, as from time to time amended, restated and/or refinanced or (ii) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their
 
behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof prior to its scheduled maturity and any applicable grace period specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing such Material Indebtedness shall have expired or there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (i) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (ii) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $50,000,000; that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted under ;
provided
Section 6.05
(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
(i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
(j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;
(k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or (ii) any non-monetary judgment, order or decree is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary which does or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect;
 
(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(m) a Change in Control shall occur; or
(n) any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract); or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; , that this provision shall not apply to any event described in this clause (n) arising with respect to any former Loan Party that ceased to be a Loan Party in a manner permitted hereunder before such event occurred;
provided
then the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders or upon the occurrence of an event described in the proviso to , shall, take any or all of the actions described in .
Section 7.02
Section 7.02
Section 7.02 . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
Remedies Upon Event of Default
(a) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; and
(b) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents;
, , that upon the occurrence of any event described in or with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
provided
however
Section 7.01(h)
Section 7.01(i)
Section 7.03 . After the exercise of remedies provided for in (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable), any amounts received by the Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
Application of Funds
Section 7.02
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under ) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;
First
Article II
 
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, and fees) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender) and amounts payable under ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;
Second
Article II
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid fees and interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;
Third
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;
Fourth
, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
Last
Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints JPMCB to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither any Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.
The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in ), that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is
Section 9.02
provided
 
contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in ) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or, except as provided in clause (v) below, conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
Section 9.02
Article IV
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan or a Borrowing, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan or Borrowing. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall
 
have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
provided
Section 9.03
The banks (or Affiliates thereof) identified in this Agreement as a "syndication agent," "documentation agent" or "bookrunners" or "Arranger" shall not have any right, power, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all banks herein.
In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise.
(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under and ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
Sections 2.12
9.03
 
(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under and .
Sections 2.12
9.03
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding.
The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder.
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent's authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this .
Article VIII
Section 9.01 .
Notices
(a) . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
General
(1) if to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the notice address set forth on and
Schedule 9.01;
(2) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.
 
(b) . Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
Electronic Communications
provided
Article II
provided
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement); that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.
provided
(c) . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the "") have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower's or the Administrative Agent's transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; , , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).
The Platform
Agent Parties
provided
however
(d) . Each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on
Change of Address, Etc
 
record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the "Private Side Information" or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender's compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the "Public Side Information" portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.
(e) . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Borrowing Requests and Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders
Section 9.02 . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.
Waivers; Amendments
(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified, except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, or change the manner of computation of any financial ratio (including any change in any applicable defined term) used in determining the Applicable Rate that would result in a reduction of any interest rate on any Loan or any fee payable hereunder without the written consent of each
provided
 
Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of any principal amount of any Loan, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) waive any condition set forth in without the written consent of each Lender, or (vii) release any Guarantor from the Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended to provide for Additional Term Loans in the manner contemplated by and without any additional consents.
Section 2.18(b)
Section 4.01(a)
provided
further
Section 2.20
Section 9.03 . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel (including the allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel), in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel (including, in the case of the Administrative Agent, allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel) for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Arranger, each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions (including the Acquisition) contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or any
Indemnitee
 
Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, ; that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.
IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE
provided
(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such.
provided
(d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
(f) The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
Section 9.04 . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors
Successors and Assigns
 
and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of the Administrative Agent, that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund.
provided
(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Loans, the amount of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;
provided
(B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement;
(C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and
(D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more "Credit Contacts" to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Affiliates and their related parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee's compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws.
For the purposes of this , the term "" has the following meaning:
Section 9.04(b)
Approved Fund
"" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an
Approved Fund
 
Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of , , and ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section.
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the principal amount of (and interest on) the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to or , the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
provided
Section 2.07(b)
9.03(c)
 
(c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Loans owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of , and (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under (it being understood that the documentation required under shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; that such Participant (i) agrees to be subject to the provisions of and as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (ii) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under or , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant's interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the ""); that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
Participant
provided
provided
Section 9.02(b)
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
Section 2.17(f)
Section 2.17(f)
provided
Sections 2.18
2.19
Sections 2.15
2.17
Section 9.08
Section 2.18(c)
Participant Register
provided
(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
provided
 
(e) The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 9.05 . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid. The provisions of , , and and shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Survival
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
Article VIII
Section 9.06 . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, any notes issued pursuant to it and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
Section 4.01
Section 9.07 . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Severability
Section 9.08 . (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each of the Lenders and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and
Right of Setoff; Payments Set Aside
 
apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender, as the case may be, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have.
(b) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (i) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (ii) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect, recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
plus
Section 9.09 . (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto
 
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Section 9.01
Section 9.10 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
Section 9.11 . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
Headings
Section 9.12 . (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which event, the party receiving such subpoena or legal process will, if permitted, as promptly as practicable give notice thereof to the Borrower and use reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, to cooperate with the Borrower in seeking a protective order), (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights hereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section and naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary (in the absence of a provision naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary, the applicable Lender hereby agrees to use its reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower to enforce such agreement), to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any counterparty to, or any prospective counterparty to (or such counterparty or prospective counterparty's advisors), any swap, securitization or derivative transaction referenced to credit or other risks arising under this Agreement, (vii) with the consent of the Borrower or (viii) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a
Confidentiality
 
nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower not known by it to be bound by obligations of confidentiality. For the purposes of this Section, "" means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
Information
provided
(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
SECTION 9.12(a)
Section 9.13 . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the ""), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the "") which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate.
Interest Rate Limitation
Charges
Maximum Rate
Section 9.14 . Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the ""), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.
USA Patriot Act
Act
 
Section 9.15 . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates' understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm's-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent and either Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
 
In the normal course of business, the Borrower is subject to proceedings, lawsuits, claims and other matters, including those that relate to the environment, health and safety, employee benefits, export compliance, intellectual property, tax matters, and other regulatory compliance and general matters, including those described below.
The Borrower is subject to governmental investigations and requests for information from time to time. As previously reported prior to Teradata's separation from NCR Corporation, a Maryland corporation (""), the United States Department of Justice is conducting an investigation regarding the propriety of the Borrower's arrangements or understandings with others in connection with certain federal contracts and the adequacy of certain disclosures related to such contracts. The investigation arises in connection with civil litigation in federal district court filed under the qui tam provisions of the civil False Claims Act against a number of information technology companies, including the Borrower. The complaints against the Borrower remain under seal. The Borrower continues to conduct its analysis of such claims focusing on the propriety of certain transactions under federal programs under which the Borrower was a contractor. During 2008 the Borrower shared evidence with the Justice Department of questionable conduct that the Borrower uncovered and is continuing to cooperate with the Justice Department in its investigation, and has initiated discussions to resolve this matter.
NCR
A separate portion of the government's investigation relates to the adequacy of pricing disclosures made to the government in connection with negotiation of NCR's General Services Administration Federal Supply Schedule as it relates to the Borrower, prior to Teradata's separation from NCR, and to whether certain subsequent price reductions were properly passed on to the government. Both NCR and the Borrower are participating in this aspect of the investigation, with respect to certain products and services of each, and each will assume financial responsibility for its own exposures, if any, without indemnification from the other. At this time, the Borrower is unable to determine the extent of its liability with respect to this aspect of the investigation.
The Borrower has an accrual of approximately $3 million related to the current best estimate of probable liability relating to these matters. The Borrower believes the amounts provided in its financial statements are adequate in light of the probable and estimable liabilities. However, because such matters are subject to many uncertainties, the outcomes are not predictable and there can be no assurances that the actual amounts required to satisfy alleged liabilities from the matters described above and other matters, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations, will not exceed the amounts reflected in the Borrower's financial statements or will not have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
 
 
 
 
Restrictions under Section 6.08 of the Revolving Credit Agreement and any substantially similar restrictions included in any credit agreement initially or successively refinancing the Revolving Credit Agreement.
:
Administrative Agent
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
10 South Dearborn, 7
th
Floor
Chicago, IL, 60603-2003
Attention: Darren Cunningham
Telephone No. (312) 385-7080
Telecopy No. (888) 292-9533
darren.cunningham@jpmchase.com
:
Borrower
Teradata Corporation
1000 Innovation Drive
Dayton, OH 45342
Attention: Assistant Treasurer
Telecopy No. (937) 719-9027

Exhibit 2.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "") is made and entered into as of March 2, 2011 by and among Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), Oakland Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (""), Aster Data Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), and Shareholder Representative Services LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, solely in its capacity as the exclusive representative of the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "").
Agreement
Parent
Merger Sub
Company
Representative
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "") pursuant to which (i) each outstanding share of Company Capital Stock will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration set forth herein, and (ii) the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, as well as all of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and in furtherance thereof, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that this Agreement is advisable and has approved this Agreement in accordance with applicable provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware ("") and approved the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Merger
Delaware Law
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to unanimously recommend that the Company Stockholders adopt this Agreement in accordance with Delaware Law and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent has determined that this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are desirable and in the best interests of Parent, Merger Sub and their respective stockholders, and in furtherance thereof the Board of Directors of Merger Sub and the Board of Directors of Parent, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, have determined that this Agreement is advisable and have approved and adopted this Agreement in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware Law and have approved the Merger and the other the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, Parent, the Representative and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as escrow agent (the ""), are entering into an escrow agreement in the form attached as (the ""), the effectiveness of which is contingent upon the consummation of the Merger, pursuant to which the Escrow Agent will hold a portion of the Merger Consideration otherwise payable to the Indemnifying Parties under this Agreement as partial security against the indemnification obligations of the Indemnifying Parties under this Agreement.
Escrow Agent
Exhibit A
Escrow Agreement
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, the officers and directors of the Company and certain Company Securityholders have entered into a Voting Agreement dated as of the date hereof and in the form attached hereto as (the "") pursuant to which each such director, officer and Company Securityholder has agreed to vote in favor of approval of this Agreement and the transactions
Exhibit B
Voting Agreement
contemplated hereby and to take certain other actions in furtherance of the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting Agreement.
WHEREAS, immediately following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will (i) solicit written consents in the form attached hereto as (each, a "" and collectively, the "") from holders of outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock holding a sufficient number of shares of Company Capital Stock to obtain the Requisite Stockholder Approval and (ii) obtain from each such stockholder and deliver to Parent an executed joinder agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as (each, a "" and collectively, the "").
Exhibit C
Stockholder Written Consent
Stockholder Written Consents
Exhibit D
Joinder Agreement
Joinder Agreements
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, (i) except as set forth on , each of the Persons listed in (each, a "" and collectively, the "") has entered into and delivered to Parent a non-competition and non-solicitation agreement, to be effective as of the Closing Date and through the period specified in (collectively, the "") and (ii) each of the Persons listed in (collectively, the "") has entered into such employment documents as Parent my reasonably request, including an "at will" employment arrangement with Parent or a subsidiary thereof to be effective as of the Closing Date pursuant to his or her execution and delivery of an offer letter, which may contain terms specific to each particular Key Employee, including the terms of retention awards, if any, to be offered to such Key Employee, and a proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement, each in a form acceptable to Parent (collectively, the "").
Schedule 7.2(g)
Schedule 7.2(g)
Key Stockholder
Key Stockholders
Schedule 7.2(g)
Noncompetition Agreements
Schedule 7.2(f)(i)
Key Employees
Key Employee Employment Agreements
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1.1 . For purposes of and under this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:
Certain Definitions
(a) "" shall mean any private or governmental action, suit, claim, charge, cause of action or suit (whether in contract or tort or otherwise), litigation (whether at law or in equity, whether civil or criminal), assessment, arbitration, investigation, audit, hearing, complaint, demand or other proceeding to, from, by or before any arbitrator, court, tribunal or other Governmental Authority.
Action
(b) "" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, directly or indirectly controlled by, or under direct or indirect common control with, such Person, or if such Person is a partnership, any general partner of such Person or a Person controlling any such general partner. For purposes of this definition, "" (including "" and "") shall mean the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether
Affiliate
control
controlled by
under common control with
 
through the ownership of voting securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise.
(c) "" shall mean the Sherman Act, as amended, the Clayton Act, as amended, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the ""), the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, and all other federal, state and international statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, administrative and judicial doctrines, and other laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade.
Antitrust Law
HSR Act
(d) "" shall mean each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which banking institutions located in New York, New York are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.
Business Day(s)
(e) "" shall mean (i) any severance payment to any Non-Continuing Employee, retention, bonus or other similar payment to any Employee under any Contract existing prior to the date of this Agreement or Company Employee Plan, (ii) any forgiveness of Indebtedness, or (iii) any increase of any benefits otherwise payable by the Company including any "parachute payments" under Section 280G of the Code for which 280G Approval is not properly obtained, in each case of the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), which are payable or become effective as a result of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of the Merger or any other the transactions contemplated hereby. For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the foregoing, (A) no payments made pursuant to or of this Agreement shall be considered a Change in Control Payment, and (B) each of the payments set forth on shall be considered a Change in Control Payment for all purposes of and under this Agreement.
Change in Control Payments
Section 2.7(c)
Section 6.12(d)
Schedule 1.1(e)
(f) "" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(g) "" shall mean all of the capital stock of the Company, including Company Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock.
Company Capital Stock
(h) "" shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, including any shares of Company Preferred Stock converted into shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to, or upon the occurrence of, the Merger.
Company Common Stock
(i) "" shall mean any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Company Debt
(j) "" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is, or is purported to be, owned by, or exclusively licensed to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Company Intellectual Property
(k) "" shall mean any change, event, circumstance or effect that, individually or in the aggregate with all other changes, events, circumstances and effects, is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; , , that in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred, is reasonably likely to occur, would reasonably be expected to occur, or would occur, there shall be excluded any effect on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries resulting from, or arising out of, any of the following (either alone or in combination):
Company Material Adverse Effect
provided
however
 
(i) changes in, or conditions affecting, the U.S. or international economy generally, the financial markets, or the industry in which the Company operates, provided that such changes or conditions do not have a materially disproportionate or unique effect on the Company relative to other companies operating in the industry in which the Company operates;
(ii) changes in laws, rules or regulations, or in GAAP, or in the interpretation of any of the foregoing by any Person other than the Company, provided that such changes do not have a materially disproportionate or unique effect on the Company relative to other companies operating in the industry in which the Company operates;
(iii) acts of terrorism, war or other force majeure events;
(iv) any change (including any cancellation of, or delays in, customer purchases or orders or any reduction in customer order forecasts) demonstrably resulting from the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
(v) any failure by the Company to meet any of its financial projections, forecasts or estimates, in and of itself (it being understood that any underlying cause(s) of any such failure may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may be taken into consideration when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred, is reasonably likely to occur, would reasonably be expected to occur, or would occur); and
(vi) compliance by the Company with this Agreement, any express actions taken by the Company that are required to be taken by the Company pursuant to this Agreement or that are requested by Parent in writing, or any actions not taken by the Company at the express written request of Parent.
(l) "" shall mean all issued and outstanding options (including commitments to grant options), whether vested or unvested, to acquire shares of Company Capital Stock.
Company Option
(m) "" shall mean those contractual commitments made by the Company to certain Continuing Employees to grant to such Continuing Employees options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock, which options the Company has not granted as of the date of this Agreement, specified on , which schedule shall specify the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying the option grants that the Company was contractually committed to grant and the exercise price and vesting schedule that would have otherwise applied to each such grant.
Company Option Commitments
Schedule 1.1(m)
(n) "" shall mean the letter entered into by the Company and each Continuing Employee to whom the Company made a Company Option Commitment, which letter contains the payment (including the deemed exercise price), vesting conditions and other terms by which the Company Option Commitment Pool is payable to such Continuing Employee, a copy of which is attached hereto as .
Company Option Commitment Letter
Exhibit J
(o) "" shall mean the aggregate amount payable to holders of Company Option Commitments, assuming such Company Option Commitments were Company Options, which amount will be withheld from the Merger Consideration at Closing for payment to the Continuing Employees specified on
Company Option Commitment Pool
Schedule 1.1(m)
 
to whom the Company made a Company Option Commitment pursuant to the Company Option Commitment Letters.
(p) "" shall mean all preferred stock of the Company, including the Company Series Seed Preferred Stock, the Company Series A Preferred Stock, the Company Series B Preferred Stock, and the Company Series C Preferred Stock.
Company Preferred Stock
(q) "" shall mean any external or internal, past or present privacy policy of the Company, including any policy relating to: (A) the privacy of users of any Company Product or website of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) the collection, storage, disclosure, and transfer of any Personal Data, or (C) any Employee information
Company Privacy Policy
(r) "" shall mean any products or service offerings of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have been or are being marketed, sold, offered, provided or distributed, or that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries intends to market, sell, offer, provide or distribute, including any products or service offerings under development, and including any such products or services that form the basis, in whole or in part, of any revenue or business projection made by the Company and its Subsidiaries, or provided by Company in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement
Company Products
(s) "" shall mean all of the Registered Intellectual Property owned by, filed in the name of, or held in the name of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Company Registered Intellectual Property
(t) "" shall mean all securities of the Company, including all Company Capital Stock, Company Options, Company Warrants, all other securities that are convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, securities of the Company and any rights to acquire any of the foregoing securities of the Company, whether vested or unvested and whether subject to the satisfaction of time-based, performance-based or other conditions or criteria.
Company Securities
(u) "" shall mean all holders of Company Securities, including all Company Stockholders, all holders of Company Options, all holders of Company Option Commitments and all holders of Company Warrants.
Company Securityholders
(v) "" shall mean the Company Preferred Stock designated "Series A Preferred Stock" in the Charter.
Company Series A Preferred Stock
(w) "" shall mean the Company Preferred Stock designated "Series B Preferred Stock" in the Charter.
Company Series B Preferred Stock
(x) "" shall mean the Company Preferred Stock designated "Series C Preferred Stock" in the Charter.
Company Series C Preferred Stock
(y) "" shall mean the Company Preferred Stock designated "Series Seed Preferred Stock" in the Charter.
Company Series Seed Preferred Stock
(z) "" shall mean the Company's 2005 Stock Plan and any other stock option plans or other equity-related plans of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Company Stock Plans
(aa) "" shall mean all holders of Company Capital Stock.
Company Stockholders
 
(bb) "" shall mean all issued and outstanding warrants to purchase Company Capital Stock.
Company Warrants
(cc) "" shall mean each of (i) the Key Employees and (ii) each other Employee of the Company who both (x) prior to the Closing has entered into an "at will" employment arrangement with Parent or a subsidiary thereof to be effective as of the Closing Date, pursuant to his or her execution and delivery of an offer letter and a proprietary information and inventions assignment agreement, each in a form acceptable to Parent, and (y) as of the Closing, has not breached, terminated, rescinded or repudiated (formally or informally) any such arrangement.
Continuing Employee
(dd) "" shall mean an amount to be withheld from the Merger Consideration at Closing for payment to Continuing Employees holding Unvested Equity Awards equal in value to the sum of (i) the aggregate Option Consideration otherwise payable in respect of all outstanding Unvested Company Options and (ii) the product obtained by multiplying (x) the Per Share Consideration by (y) the aggregate number of Unvested Company Capital Stock, in each case, held by Continuing Employees immediately prior to the Effective Time, the distribution from which is subject to the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan and the applicable Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement; , , that the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that to the extent that any right to receive payments in respect of any Unvested Equity Award is terminated, then any amounts that remain unpaid with respect to such Unvested Equity Award shall be forfeited and returned to Parent and shall not be returned to, and will no longer constitute a part of, the Continuing Employee Pool.
Continuing Employee Pool
provided
however
(ee) "" shall mean the plan, including the related Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreements, containing the payment, vesting conditions and other terms by which the Continuing Employee Pool is payable to Continuing Employees who hold outstanding Unvested Equity Awards immediately prior to the Effective Time, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E-1.
Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan
(ff) "" shall mean the agreements to be entered into by Parent with each Continuing Employee who hold one or more Unvested Equity Awards in connection with the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan, a copy of the standard form of which is attached hereto as .
Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement
Exhibit E-2
(gg) "" shall mean any written or oral legally binding contract, agreement, instrument, commitment or undertaking of any nature (including leases, licenses, mortgages, notes, guarantees, sublicenses, subcontracts, letters of intent and purchase orders) by the Company, or to which the Company is a party.
Contract
(hh) "" shall mean the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended, or any successor statute thereto.
DGCL
(ii) "" shall mean any current or former or retired employee, consultant, contractor or director of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate.
Employee
(jj) "" shall mean each employment, change in control, severance, consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation, visa, work permit or other agreement, contract or understanding between the Company and its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate and any Employee.
Employee Agreement
 
(kk) "" shall mean all applicable laws (including common laws), directives, guidance, rules, regulations, orders, treaties, statutes, and codes promulgated by any Governmental Authority which prohibit, regulate or control any Hazardous Substance or any Hazardous Substance Activity, including, without limitation, the European Union Directive 2002/96/EC on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment ("") and European Union Directive 2002/95/EC on the Restriction on the Use of Hazardous Substances (""), and China's Management Methods on the Control of Pollution Caused by Electronic Information Products ("").
Environmental Laws
WEEE Directive
RoHS Directive
China RoHS
(ll) "" shall mean outstanding Company Options and outstanding Unvested Company Capital Stock with respect to which a valid and timely election under Section 83(b) of the Code has not been made.
Equity Awards
(mm) "" shall mean the quotient obtained by dividing (x) Forty-One Million Dollars ($41,000,000), by (y) the aggregate amount of cash payable pursuant to Section 2.7 of this Agreement in respect of all shares of Company Capital Stock (disregarding (i) all Dissenting Shares and (ii) all shares of Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock), Vested Company Options and Unvested Equity Awards (whether or not such cash amounts are ultimately paid in respect of such Unvested Equity Awards due to the valid forfeiture of any rights to any such payments in respect of Unvested Equity Awards).
Escrow Percentage
(nn) "" shall mean a number equal to (x) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock which are outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, plus (y) the maximum aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon full exercise, exchange or conversion of all Company Securities, all calculated on a fully diluted, as converted to Company Common Stock basis, which are outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, plus (z) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying the option grants that the Company was contractually committed to grant pursuant to the Company Option Commitments had such grants been made, minus the sum of (A) the maximum aggregate number of shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock held by Non-Continuing Employees which are repurchased pursuant to , and (B) the maximum aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Unvested Company Options held by Non-Continuing Employees which are cancelled or terminated without the payment of any consideration pursuant to .
Fully Diluted Shares
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(A)
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(A)
(oo) "" shall mean U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis.
GAAP
(pp) "" shall mean any U.S. federal, state, municipal or local or any foreign government, or political subdivision thereof, or any authority, agency or commission entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or Taxing Authority or power, any court or tribunal (or any department, bureau or division thereof), or any arbitrator or arbitral body.
Governmental Authority
(qq) "" shall mean any material, emission, or substance that has been designated by any Governmental Authority or by applicable federal, state or local Law to be radioactive, toxic, a pollutant, a contaminant, hazardous, or otherwise a danger to health, reproduction, or the environment.
Hazardous Substance
(rr) "" shall mean the transportation, transfer, recycling, storage, use, treatment, manufacture, removal, remediation, release, labeling, exposure of others to, sale, or distribution of any Hazardous Substance or any product or waste containing a
Hazardous Substance Activity
 
Hazardous Substance, including, without limitation, any required payment of waste fees or charges (including so-called e-waste fees) and compliance with any recycling, product take-back or product content requirements (including RoHS, WEEE, and China RoHS).
(ss) "" shall mean all Liabilities and obligations, including any applicable penalties (including with respect to any prepayment thereof), interest and premiums, (i) for borrowed money, (ii) evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, letters of credit or similar instruments, (iii) for the deferred purchase price of goods or services (other than trade payables or accruals incurred in the ordinary course of business), (iv) under capital leases, (v) relating to or arising out of any Change in Control Payments, or (vi) in the nature of guarantees of the obligations described in the immediately preceding clauses (i)  (v), inclusive, of any other Person.
Indebtedness
(tt) "" shall mean any or all of the following and all worldwide common law and statutory rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith (whether existing now or in the future): (i) United States and foreign patents and utility models and applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, re-examinations, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof (""); (ii) rights in inventions (whether patentable or not), improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how, and any rights in technology, software, invention disclosures, technical data and customer lists; (iii) copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor, and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iv) domain names, uniform resource locators, other names and locators associated with the Internet, and applications or registrations therefor (""); (v) industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor; (vi) trade names, logos, common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations, related goodwill and applications therefor throughout the world (""); (vii) all rights in databases and data collections; (viii) all moral and economic rights of authors and inventors, however denominated; and (ix) any similar or equivalent rights to any of the foregoing (as applicable).
Intellectual Property
Patents
Domain Names
Trademarks
(uu) "" shall mean (i) with respect to any Person, the actual knowledge of the members of the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Person; (ii) with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of Quentin Galivan, John Calonico, Anastasios Argyros and Mayank Bawa; and (iii) with respect to Parent, the actual knowledge of its executive officers.
Knowledge
(vv) "" shall mean U.S. federal, state, municipal or local or foreign laws, statutes, standard ordinances, codes, resolutions, promulgations, rules, regulations, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, or any other similar legal requirements having the force or effect of law.
Law
(ww) "" shall mean all debts, liabilities and obligations, whether accrued or fixed, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, determined or determinable, asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, including those arising under any Law, Action or governmental order and those arising under any Contract, excluding in all cases the performance obligations thereunder.
Liabilities
(xx) "" shall mean (i) Three Hundred Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($325,000,000), (ii) the sum of (x) the aggregate exercise price of all Company Options and the deemed exercise price of the Company Option Commitments (as specified on that are cancelled or terminated and exchanged for the right to receive a portion of the Merger Consideration pursuant to and (y) the aggregate exercise price of all Company Warrants that are cancelled or terminated and exchanged for the
Merger Consideration
plus
Schedule 1.1(m))
Section 2.7(c)
 
right to receive a portion of the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 2.7(c), (iii) the sum of (x) the aggregate amount of all Transaction Expenses (whether paid prior to the Effective Time or becoming payable at or as of the Effective Time), (y) the aggregate amount of any and all Company Debt as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (without giving effect to the payment or other discharge of any such Company Debt in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the payment or discharge of any Change in Control Payments), and (z) the aggregate amount (without duplication of any cash amounts contemplated by the immediately preceding clause (y) of this clause (iii)) of any and all Change in Control Payments that become payable at or as of the Effective Time or as a result of the consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
minus
(yy) "" shall mean each Employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company who is not a Continuing Employee.
Non-Continuing Employee
(zz) "" shall mean any software or other material or content that is distributed or made available as "open source software" or "free software", or is otherwise publicly distributed or made generally available in source code or equivalent form under terms that permit modification and redistribution of such software or other material or content. Open Source Material includes, without limitation, software that is licensed under the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License, Mozilla License, Common Public License, Apache License, BSD License, or a similar license.
Open Source Material
(aaa) "" shall mean an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the excess, if any, of the Per Share Consideration over the per share exercise price of the Company Option.
Option Consideration
(bbb) "" shall mean all permits, registrations, certifications, clearances, consents, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses and other governmental authorizations and approvals.
Permits
(ccc) "" shall mean any natural person, company, corporation, limited liability company, general or limited partnership, trust, proprietorship, joint venture, or other business entity, unincorporated association, organization or enterprise, or any Governmental Authority.
Person
(ddd) "" shall mean any piece of information that allows the identification of a natural person, including a natural person's name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, photograph, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, credit or debit card number.
Personal Data
(eee) "" shall mean an amount of cash equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Merger Consideration by (y) the Fully Diluted Shares (including any shares of Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock; , , that, for the avoidance of doubt, any such shares of Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock shall be cancelled without any payment of any consideration therefor pursuant to and, except as otherwise set forth herein, the Per Share Consideration otherwise payable in respect of such shares of Parent-Owned Capital Stock shall be retained by Parent and not otherwise paid hereunder).
Per Share Consideration
provided
however
Section 2.7(b)(iii)
(fff) "" shall mean any Taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries attributable to any Pre-Closing Tax Period that are not yet paid (including such Taxes that are not yet due and payable) as of the Closing Date, including any Transaction Payroll Taxes and Transfer Taxes imposed or levied on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with
Pre-Closing Taxes
 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; , , that any real, personal and intangible property Taxes for any Straddle Period shall be allocated to the portion of the Straddle Period ending on the Closing Date on a daily basis, and all other Taxes for any Straddle Period shall be allocated as if such Straddle Period ended on the Closing Date, except that exemptions, allowances or deductions that are calculated on an annual basis (including depreciation and amortization deductions), other than with respect to property placed in service after the Closing, shall be allocated on a daily basis.
provided
however
(ggg) "" shall mean any taxable period or portion thereof ending on or prior to the Closing Date.
Pre-Closing Tax Period
(hhh) "" shall mean, with respect to each Company Securityholder, an amount on a pro rata basis calculated based on the aggregate Merger Consideration otherwise payable to each Company Securityholder pursuant to this Agreement in respect of the Company Securities of such Company Securityholder (without giving effect to any escrow contributions or holdbacks contemplated by this Agreement) relative to the aggregate Merger Consideration payable in respect of all Company Securities.
Pro Rata Share
(iii) "" shall mean all United States, international and foreign: (i) Patents, including applications therefor; (ii) registered Trademarks, applications to register Trademarks, including intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or applications related to Trademarks; (iii) copyrights registrations and applications to register copyrights; (iv) domain name registrations; and (v) any other Intellectual Property that is the subject of an application, certificate, filing, registration or other document issued by, filed with, or recorded by, any private, state, government or other public or quasi public legal authority at any time.
Registered Intellectual Property
(jjj) "" shall mean $250,000.
Representative Expense Amount
(kkk) "" shall mean any mortgage, security interest, pledge, encumbrance, restriction on the right to sell or dispose (and in the case of securities, vote) or lien (whether arising by contract or by operation of law and whether voluntary or involuntary), excepting restrictions contained in Intellectual Property Contracts.
Security Interest
(lll) "" shall mean generally commercially available binary code (other than development tools and development environments) where available for a cost of not more than $5,000 for perpetual license for a single user or work station (or $25,000 in the aggregate for all users and work stations); , , that the term "" shall not include any Open Source Materials.
Shrink-Wrap Code
provided
however
Shrink-Wrap Code
(mmm) "" shall mean any stock restriction, repurchase, forfeiture or other similar agreement between the Company and any other Person pursuant to which the Company has a right to repurchase shares of Company Capital Stock held by such Person upon terms and subject to certain conditions set forth therein.
Stock Restriction Agreement
(nnn) "" shall mean any taxable period beginning prior to and ending after the Closing Date.
Straddle Period
(ooo) "" shall mean, with respect to any party, any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) at least a majority of the securities or other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
Subsidiary
 
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party, corporation or organization or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) such party, corporation or organization or any other Subsidiary of such party, corporation or organization is a general partner (excluding any such partnership where such party, corporation or organization or any Subsidiary of such party does not have a majority of the voting interest in such partnership).
(ppp) "" or "" shall mean (i) all U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, including all income, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, inventory, escheat, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social security, social insurance, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property and estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, penalties, fines, additions to Tax or additional amounts (whether disputed or not) imposed by any Taxing Authority, (ii) any Liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (i) of this sentence as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary, aggregate or similar group for any Taxable period (including any arrangement for group or consortium relief or similar arrangement), and (iii) any Liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in clause (i) or (ii) of this sentence of any other Person as a result of any express or implied obligation, agreement or arrangement with respect to such amounts, as a transferee or successor or otherwise by operation of law.
Tax
Taxes
(qqq) "" shall mean the IRS or any other governmental body (whether state, local or non-U.S.) responsible for the administration of any Tax.
Taxing Authority
(rrr) "" shall mean any Law (whether domestic or foreign) relating to Taxes.
Tax Law
(sss) "" shall mean any return, report or statement filed or required to be filed with respect to any Tax, including any information return, declaration of estimated tax, claim for refund, election, or voluntary disclosure agreement, and any schedule, addendum or attachment thereto, and any amendment thereof.
Tax Return
(ttt) "" shall mean computer programs (whether in source code, object code, or other form), databases, compilations and data, technology supporting the foregoing, and all documentation, including user manuals and training materials, related to any of the foregoing.
Technology
(uuu) "" shall mean (i) all fees and expenses (including any and all legal, accounting, consulting, investment banking, financial advisory, data room provider and brokerage fees and expenses) incurred by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, any other Person for which the Company or its Subsidiaries may pay or reimburse such Person or otherwise may be obligated to pay or reimburse such Person or may be or may become liable in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) any and all costs and expenses relating to or arising from obtaining or maintaining a tail policy for the Company's director's and officer's insurance, if applicable; and (iii) any and all Transaction Payroll Taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, for all purposes of and under this Agreement, "" shall not include any fees and expenses incurred by Parent other than Transaction Payroll Taxes.
Transaction Expenses
Transaction Expenses
(vvv) "" shall mean any employment or payroll Taxes with respect to any Change in Control Payments and the payments that are paid or payable
Transaction Payroll Taxes
 
pursuant to and , whether paid or payable by Parent, the Company or its Subsidiaries.
Section 2.7(c)(i)
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)(1)
(www) "" shall mean all shares of Company Common Stock that are subject to a right of repurchase by the Company or other similar risk of forfeiture to the Company, whether pursuant to a Stock Restriction Agreement executed in connection with or at any time following the issuance of such Company Common Stock or otherwise, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, and is not released from such right of repurchase or other restriction as a result of the Merger.
Unvested Company Capital Stock
(xxx) "" shall mean any Company Option (or portion thereof) that is unvested as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and does not vest as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.
Unvested Company Option
(yyy) "" shall mean any Person holding Unvested Company Options.
Unvested Company Optionholder
(zzz) "" shall mean any Unvested Company Option, Company Option Commitment or Unvested Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to or upon the occurrence of the Merger at the Effective Time.
Unvested Equity Award
(aaaa) "" shall mean any Person holding an Unvested Equity Award as of immediately prior to or upon the occurrence of the Merger at the Effective Time.
Unvested Equity Awardholder
(bbbb) "" shall mean an amount of cash equal to the aggregate of all Unvested Escrow Amounts. For the avoidance of doubt, the Unvested Escrow Adjustment shall constitute a portion of each of the Continuing Employee Pool and the Company Option Commitment Pool.
Unvested Escrow Adjustment
(cccc) "" shall mean all shares of Company Common Stock other than Unvested Company Capital Stock.
Vested Company Capital Stock
(dddd) "" shall mean any Company Option (or portion thereof) that is vested immediately prior to the Effective Time, or vests as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger at the Effective Time.
Vested Company Option
(eeee) "" shall mean any Person holding Vested Company Options as of immediately prior to the Merger.
Vested Company Optionholder
(ffff) "" shall mean any Person holding shares of Vested Company Capital Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Vested Company Stockholder
(gggg) "" shall mean an amount of cash equal to (i) Forty-One Million Dollars ($41,000,000), minus (ii) the Unvested Escrow Adjustment.
Vested Escrow Amount
1.2 . For all purposes of and under this Agreement, all capitalized terms that are not defined in the preamble or recitals hereto, or in , shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms throughout this Agreement.
Other Capitalized Terms
Section 1.1
 
1.3 .
Certain Interpretations
(a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Schedule or an Exhibit, such reference shall be to a Schedule or an Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
(b) When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article or a Section, such reference shall be to an Article or a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The words "hereof," "herein" and "herewith" and words of similar import shall, unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement,
(c) The words "include", "includes" and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without limitation".
(d) The headings set forth in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
(e) All references in this Agreement to a legal entity (including the Company) shall be deemed to refer to such entity and its Subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires.
(f) All references in this Agreement to the Subsidiaries of a legal entity shall be deemed to include all direct and indirect Subsidiaries of such entity.
(g) Documents or other information and materials shall be deemed to have been "made available" by the Company if and only if the Company has posted such documents and information and other materials to a virtual data room managed by the Company at at least 24 hours prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto.
https://services.intralinks.com/login/?w=913282&p=3
(h) Article, section, paragraph, exhibit and schedule references are to the articles, sections, paragraphs, exhibits and schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
(i) The meaning assigned to each term defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and the plural forms of such term, and words denoting any gender shall include all genders. Where a word or phrase is defined herein, each of its other grammatical forms shall have a corresponding meaning.
(j) A reference to any party to this Agreement or any other agreement or document shall include such party's successors and permitted assigns.
(k) A reference to any specific legislation or to any provision of any legislation shall include any amendment to, and any modification or re-enactment thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all regulations and statutory instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto.
(l) References to "$" and "Dollars" are to U.S. dollars.
(m) No summary of this Agreement or any Exhibit or Schedule delivered herewith prepared by or on behalf of any party will affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any such Exhibit or Schedule.
 
(n) The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by legal counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document shall be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document.
2.1 . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and the Company shall continue as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent. The Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to herein as the "."
The Merger
Surviving Corporation
2.2 . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to become effective by filing a certificate of merger in customary form (the "") with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware Law as soon as practicable after the Closing (but in any event on the Closing Date if the Closing occurs at a time in which such filings are accepted for filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or the first Business Day thereafter if the Closing occurs at a time in which such filings are not accepted for filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware). The actual time of acceptance of such filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (or any later time as may be mutually agreed upon in writing by Parent and the Company and expressly designated as the effective time of the Merger in the Certificate of Merger) is referred to herein as the "."
Effective Time
Certificate of Merger
Effective Time
2.3 . Unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to , the Merger shall be consummated at a closing (the "") to occur on a Business Day as soon as practicable, but in no event later than three Business Days following the satisfaction or waiver (if permitted hereunder) of all of the conditions set forth in other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing (but subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions at the Closing) at the offices of Parent, 10000 Innovation Drive, Miamisburg, Ohio 45342, unless another date and/or place is mutually agreed upon in writing by Parent and the Company. The date upon which the Closing actually occurs hereunder is referred to herein as the "."
Closing
Section 9.1
Closing
ARTICLE 7
Closing Date
2.4 . At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement, the Certificate of Merger and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.
Effect of the Merger
2.5 .
Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Corporate Records
(a) . Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, at the Effective Time, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended and in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "" and, together with the Bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, the ""), shall be amended and restated in its
Certificate of Incorporation
Charter
Company Organizational Documents
 
entirety to read identically to the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that the name of the Surviving Corporation as stated in such amended and restated certificate of incorporation shall be "Aster Data Systems, Inc.," whereupon such certificate of incorporation as so amended and restated shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL and such certificate of incorporation.
(b) . Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, at the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be amended and restated in their entirety to read identically to the Bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that the name of the Surviving Corporation as stated in such amended and restated bylaws shall be "Aster Data Systems, Inc.," whereupon such bylaws shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such bylaws.
Bylaws
(c) . At the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Parent the original stock books, stock ledgers, minute books and corporate seal, if any, of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and other controlled Affiliates.
Corporate Records
2.6 .
Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation
(a) . Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.
Directors
(b) . Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, or their earlier death, resignation or removal.
Officers
2.7 .
Effect on Securities of Constituent Corporations
(a) . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, each share of common stock of Merger Sub that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become, and shall thereupon represent, one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and shall thereupon constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.
Merger Sub Capital Stock
(b) .
Company Capital Stock
(i) . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of shares of Vested Company Capital Stock, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this and throughout this Agreement, each outstanding share of Vested Company Capital Stock (other than Company Treasury Stock, Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock, Dissenting Shares and Unvested Company Capital Stock) shall be cancelled and extinguished and converted automatically into the right to receive an amount of cash (without
Vested Company Capital Stock
Section 2.7
 
interest) equal to the Per Share Consideration, less (x) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Escrow Fund pursuant to and (y) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Representative Expense Fund pursuant to , upon the surrender of such certificate (or alternatively, a Lost Stock Affidavit and a Lost Certificate Indemnity Agreement) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in the manner provided herein. From and after the Effective Time, each share of Vested Company Capital Stock that is cancelled and converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration by virtue of the Merger pursuant to this shall no longer be outstanding and shall be automatically cancelled and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate formerly representing shares of Vested Company Capital Stock shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto other than the right to receive, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, that portion of the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Vested Company Capital Stock evidenced by such certificate pursuant to this (less applicable Tax withholding, the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Escrow Fund pursuant to , and the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Representative Expense Fund pursuant to ), upon the surrender of such certificate (or alternatively, a Lost Stock Certificate Affidavit and a Lost Certificate Indemnity Agreement) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in the manner provided herein. For purposes of calculating the amount of cash payable to each Company Stockholder in respect of such stockholder's shares of Vested Company Capital Stock pursuant to this , (A) all of the shares of Vested Company Capital Stock held by each Company Stockholder shall be aggregated on a certificate-by-certificate basis, (B) the amount of cash payable in respect of each such certificate shall be rounded down to the nearest cent and (C) no cash shall be paid in respect of fractional shares.
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(c)
Section 2.7(b)(i)
Section 2.7(b)(i)
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(c)
Section 2.7(b)(i)
(ii) . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, each share of Company Capital Stock that is outstanding and owned by the Company as treasury stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time ("") shall cease to be outstanding, shall be cancelled without payment of any consideration therefor and shall thereupon cease to exist.
Company Treasury Stock
Company Treasury Stock
(iii) . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, each share of Company Capital Stock that is outstanding and owned by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as of immediately prior to the Effective Time ("") shall cease to be outstanding, shall be cancelled without payment of any consideration therefor and shall thereupon cease to exist and the Per Share Consideration otherwise payable in respect of such shares of Parent-Owned Capital Stock shall be retained by Parent and not otherwise paid hereunder.
Parent Owned Company Capital Stock
Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock
(iv) .
Dissenting Shares
(A) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time eligible under Section 262 of the DGCL ("") to exercise appraisal rights and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who is entitled to demand, and properly demands, appraisal of such shares pursuant to Section 262 and complies in all respects with the provisions of Section 262 and has not effectively withdrawn or lost the right to demand relief as a dissenting stockholder under the DGCL as of the Effective Time (collectively, the "") shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive Merger Consideration pursuant to in , and the holder or holders of such shares
Section 262
Dissenting Shares
Section 2.7(b)(i)
 
shall be entitled only to such rights as may be granted to such holder or holders in Section 262. Notwithstanding the provisions of this , if any holder of Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) the right to appraisal under Section 262, or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is not entitled to the relief provided by Section 262, then, as of the later of the Effective Time and the occurrence of such event, such holder's shares shall automatically be converted into and represent only the right to receive the applicable portion of the Merger Consideration payable in respect of such shares pursuant to , without interest, upon surrender of the certificate representing such shares.
Section 2.7(b)(iv)
Section 2.7(b)(i)
(B) The Company shall (1) comply with the requirements of Section 262, (2) give Parent prompt notice of any written demand received by the Company pursuant to Section 262, of withdrawals of such demands, and provide copies of any documents or instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company and (3) give Parent the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demands. The Company shall not make any payment or settlement offer prior to the Effective Time of the Merger with respect to any such demand unless Parent shall have consented in writing to such payment or settlement offer.
(C) Any amount paid by Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation to any Person with respect to Dissenting Shares pursuant to Section 262 in excess of the amount payable pursuant to for each such Dissenting Share (following the Effective Time, such amount, unless determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court, shall be subject to the written approval of the Representative, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), and all interest, costs, expenses and fees as incurred by the Company, Parent or the Surviving Corporation in connection with the exercise of all rights under Section 262, shall constitute "Damages" for purposes of this Agreement, and Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall, without limiting any other rights, be entitled to recover such Damages from the Escrow Fund.
Section 2.7(b)(i)
(c) .
Vested Company Options, Unvested Equity Awards and Company Warrants
(i) . No outstanding Vested Company Options shall be assumed by Parent. At the Effective Time, each then outstanding and unexercised Vested Company Option shall, by virtue of the Merger, be terminated and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Company Capital Stock subject thereto, the Option Consideration less (x) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Escrow Fund pursuant to and (y) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Representative Expense Fund pursuant to .
Vested Company Options
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(c)
(ii) . No outstanding Unvested Equity Awards shall be assumed by Parent.
Unvested Equity Awards
(A) . At the Closing, each then outstanding Unvested Equity Award held by any Non-Continuing Employee shall be cancelled or terminated without the payment of any consideration (other than any required payment for the repurchase of any Unvested Company Capital Stock held by any Non-Continuing Employee, which shall be repurchased by the Company in accordance with pursuant to their existing terms and conditions upon the termination of employment, or consulting or advisory services of the impacted Employee).
Non-Continuing Employees
Section 6.14(a)
 
(B) .
Continuing Employees
(1) At the Effective Time, the vesting with respect to each then outstanding Unvested Equity Award held by an Employee who, effective immediately after the Closing, will be a Continuing Employee, shall be accelerated such that effective immediately prior to the Closing such Unvested Equity Awards shall vest as to that number of shares that would have otherwise vested as of March 31, 2011 if all other conditions to vesting had been satisfied as of such date.
(2) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, each then outstanding Unvested Equity Award that is not accelerated pursuant to held by an Employee who, effective immediately after the Closing, will be a Continuing Employee shall, in the case of Unvested Company Options, be cancelled pursuant to their terms and, in the case of Unvested Company Capital Stock, be cancelled pursuant to their terms and this . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall provide each Continuing Employee who, as of the Effective Time, held any Unvested Company Options or shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock, subject to (1) surrender of the certificate or agreement representing such Unvested Equity Award, (2) the terms set forth in, and the execution and delivery of, such Continuing Employee's Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement, (3) the continued employment of the Unvested Equity Awardholder with Parent or a Subsidiary thereof, and (4) such other terms set forth in the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan, an amount of cash from the Continuing Employee Pool, without interest, equal to: (x) with respect to Unvested Company Options, the Option Consideration, and (y) with respect to shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock, the Per Share Consideration multiplied by the number of shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock subject to the applicable Unvested Equity Award, in each case less the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold pursuant to and . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this or elsewhere in this Agreement, at the Effective Time, any portion of the Continuing Employee Pool to which a Company Securityholder is entitled at the Effective Time shall be payable to such Company Securityholder only in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement to which such Company Securityholder is a party. Except (aa) as contemplated by the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan and (bb) as provided in , the payment of the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Agreement in exchange for Company Securities that constitute Unvested Equity Awards immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be subject to the same restrictions and vesting arrangements that were applicable to such shares of Unvested Equity Awards immediately prior to or at the Effective Time. Parent shall provide each Continuing Employee who, as of the Effective Time, held Company Option Commitment, subject to (1) the terms set forth in, and the execution and delivery of, such Continuing Employee's Company Option Commitment Letter and (2) the continued employment of the Continuing Employee with Parent or a Subsidiary thereof, an amount of cash from the Company Option Commitment Pool, without interest, equal to the excess, if any, of the Per Share Consideration over the deemed per share exercise price of such Company Option Commitment as specified on Schedule 1.1(m) less (x) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Escrow Fund pursuant to and (y) the amounts that Parent is entitled to withhold to fund the Representative Expense Fund pursuant to . Any amount payable to a Company Securityholder pursuant to this Agreement in respect of Unvested Equity Awards shall not be paid by Parent or the Paying Agent at the Effective Time and shall instead be paid by Parent or the Paying Agent (directly or indirectly, including through a payroll processor) to such Company Securityholder only after the date that such Unvested Equity Awards would have become vested or released from the Company's repurchase right under the applicable vesting schedule in effect in respect of such Unvested Equity Awards immediately prior to or at the Effective Time (subject to the restrictions
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)(1)
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)
Sections 2.8(b)
2.8(c)
Section 2.7
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(c)
 
and other terms of such vesting schedule), less the amounts with respect thereto withheld by Parent or deposited into the Escrow Fund in accordance with or the Representative Expense Fund pursuant to . Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth herein or in the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan or any Company Option Commitment Letter, Parent shall be entitled to pay all cash amounts that become payable pursuant to this in respect of Unvested Equity Awards that vest during each calendar quarter following the Effective Time on Parent's first regularly-scheduled payroll date of the calendar quarter immediately following the vesting date of such Unvested Equity Awards, subject to the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement or Company Option Commitment Letter, as applicable; , , that no Continuing Employee will forfeit any amount earned as a result of his or her continuing service as a result of the foregoing quarterly payment structure. Each Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement or Company Option Commitment Letter, as applicable, shall provide that any amount payable pursuant to this Agreement to a Continuing Employee who is a party to such Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement or Company Option Commitment Letter, as applicable, shall be (A) withheld by Parent (and constitute a portion of the Continuing Employee Pool or the Company Option Commitment Pool, as applicable) in order to secure Parent's repurchase rights or such Continuing Employee's vesting provisions applicable to such Continuing Employee's Unvested Equity Award as of immediately prior to the Effective Time; and (B) upon payment to such Continuing Employee, subject to withholding by Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including and , and shall be paid without interest.
Section 2.8(b)
Section 2.8(c)
Section 2.7(c)(ii)
provided
however
Sections 2.8(b)(ii)
2.8(f)
(iii) . No outstanding Company Warrants, if any, shall be assumed by Parent, and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each such Company Warrant to be either (i) exercised by the holder of such Company Warrant in full or (ii) to the extent not exercised in full, terminated or cancelled as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, either pursuant to their own terms or pursuant to an agreement with the holder thereof.
Company Warrants
(iv) . Prior to the Effective Time, and subject to the review and approval of Parent, the Company shall take all actions necessary to effect the transactions anticipated by this under the Company Stock Plans, all agreements evidencing Company Option, all agreements evidencing Company Warrant and any other plan or arrangement of the Company (whether written or oral, formal or informal), including delivering all required notices and obtaining any required consents, such that at the Effective Time the Company shall not have any outstanding equity interests other than shares of Company Capital Stock and Company Options outstanding.
Necessary Actions
Section 2.7
2.8 .
Payment Procedures
(a) . As promptly as practicable following the Effective Time (but, in any event, within one Business Day following the Closing Date), Parent shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the "") an amount in cash equal to the aggregate amounts payable pursuant to (such funds being referred to herein as the ""). All funds held from time to time in the Closing Payment Fund shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by Parent pending payment thereof by the Paying Agent to the Company Securityholders in accordance with the terms hereof. All interest and other earnings from any investment of funds held from time to time in the Closing Payment Fund shall be the sole and exclusive property of Parent, and no part of such interest or other earnings shall accrue to or for the benefit of any Company Securityholders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that the Closing Payment
Closing Payment Fund
Paying Agent
Section 2.7(b)
Closing Payment Fund
 
Fund is insufficient to make the aggregate payments contemplated by , Parent shall promptly deposit additional cash into the Closing Payment Fund in an amount sufficient to make all such payments on a timely basis.
Section 2.7(b)
(b) . All amounts deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Section 2.8(b) are referred to in the aggregate as the "."
Escrow Fund
Escrow Fund
(i) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled to withhold from the aggregate Merger Consideration otherwise payable to the Company Securityholders pursuant to in respect of Vested Company Capital Stock and Vested Company Options an amount of cash equal in the aggregate to the Vested Escrow Amount. The Vested Escrow Amount shall be withheld from each such Company Securityholder in accordance with such Company Securityholder's Escrow Percentage attributable to such Company Securityholder's Vested Company Capital Stock and Vested Company Options. As soon as practicable following the Effective Time (but, in any event, within one Business Day following the Closing Date), Parent shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Escrow Agent an amount in cash equal to the Vested Escrow Amount. The Vested Escrow Amount shall be held and distributed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall hold the Vested Escrow Amount as partial security for the indemnification obligations of the Indemnifying Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Vested Escrow Amount (or any portion thereof) shall be distributed at the times and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Escrow Agreement.
Vested Company Capital Stock and Vested Company Options
Section 2.7
(ii) . With respect to any amounts paid to a Company Securityholder pursuant to or the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan or from the Company Option Commitment Pool pursuant to a Company Option Commitment Letter, from the Effective Time until the 24-month anniversary of the Closing Date, Parent shall be entitled to withhold from such amount an amount of cash equal to the Escrow Percentage of such amount (any such amounts, an ""). Parent may withhold any Unvested Escrow Amount or, in its sole discretion deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Escrow Agent any Unvested Escrow Amount. To the extent applicable, following the 24-month anniversary of the Closing Date, from any amounts paid to a Company Securityholder pursuant to , the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan or from the Company Option Commitment Pool pursuant to a Company Option Commitment Letter, Parent shall be entitled to withhold all or any portion of such amount necessary to satisfy such Company Securityholder's indemnification obligations with respect to any Outstanding Claim (as such term is defined in the Escrow Agreement), which amounts may, at Parent's option, be deposited with the Escrow Agent. Any amounts deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this shall be held and distributed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement, and upon any such deposit with the Escrow Agent, Parent shall provide written notice thereof to the Representative, identifying the Company Securityholder to which such deposit relates and the corresponding deposit amount. The Escrow Agent shall hold any amounts deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this as partial security for the indemnification obligations of the Indemnifying Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. Any amounts (or any portion thereof) deposited with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this shall be distributed at the times and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Escrow Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Parent shall not be entitled to withhold more than the Unvested Escrow Adjustment in the aggregate from all such Company Securityholders pursuant to this .
Unvested Equity Awards
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)
Unvested Escrow Amount
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)
Section 2.8(b)(ii)
Section 2.8(b)(ii)
Section 2.8(b)(ii)
Section 2.8(b)(ii)
 
(iii) . For U.S. federal income tax purposes, any payment to the Company Securityholders other than holders of Equity Awards of any portion of the Escrow Amount will be treated as deferred contingent purchase price eligible for installment sale treatment under Section 453 of the Code and any corresponding provision of foreign, state or local law, as appropriate, and will be subject to imputation of interest under Section 483 or Section 1274 of the Code. Any interest and earnings on the Vested Escrow Amount will be included in the gross income of Parent pursuant to Section 468B(g) of the Code. In no event shall the total amount of the Vested Escrow Amount, including any interest and earnings thereon, to be paid to the Company Securityholders under this Agreement exceed an amount to be designated pursuant to this Agreement, which is intended to ensure that the right of the Company Securityholders to any such payments is not treated as a contingent payment without a stated maximum selling price under Section 453 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Neither Parent nor the Company shall take a position in any Tax Return or examination or other administrative or judicial proceeding (including any ruling request) relating to any Tax that is inconsistent with such treatment, except as otherwise required by a Taxing Authority. Any payment of any portion of the Vested Escrow Amount to a holder of Equity Awards will be treated as compensation reportable on Forms W-2 to be issued by the Company and includable in gross income of such holder at the time of payment.
Tax Treatment
(c) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled to withhold from the aggregate Merger Consideration otherwise payable to each Company Securityholder pursuant to an amount of cash equal to the Representative Expense Amount. The Representative Expense Amount shall be withheld from each such Company Securityholder in accordance with such Company Securityholder's Pro Rata Share. As soon as practicable following the Effective Time (but, in any event, within one Business Day following the Closing Date), Parent shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Representative an amount in cash equal to the Representative Expense Amount (such funds being referred to herein as the ""). The Representative Expense Fund shall be held by the Representative as agent and for the benefit of the Company Securityholders in a segregated client bank account and shall be used solely for the purposes of paying directly, or reimbursing the Representative for, any third party expenses pursuant to this Agreement. The Representative will hold these funds separate from its corporate funds, will not use these funds for its operating expenses or any other corporate purposes and will not voluntarily make these funds available to its creditors in the event of bankruptcy. Each holder of Company Securities shall be deemed to have contributed to the Representative Expense Fund such holder's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount, to be held by the Representative pursuant to this Agreement. If, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, a holder of Company Securities shall hold any Unvested Equity Awards, then all or a portion of any Merger Consideration otherwise payable under this Agreement in respect of any Vested Company Capital Stock or Vested Company Options held by such Unvested Equity Awardholder as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be withheld and deposited into the Representative Expense Fund prior to the deposit of any amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of any Unvested Equity Awards held by such Unvested Equity Awardholder as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, until such Unvested Equity Awardholder's entire contribution to the Representative Expense Fund (in respect of all Company Securities held by such Unvested Equity Awardholder, whether vested or unvested) has been withheld and deposited into the Representative Expense Fund. Thereafter, any amounts payable to such Unvested Equity Awardholder under this Agreement shall be withheld and deposited into the Representative Expense Fund by Parent if and only to the extent necessary to satisfy such Unvested Equity Awardholder's entire Representative Expense Fund contribution obligation under this Agreement (with the understanding and agreement that any amounts so deposited into the Representative Expense Fund on behalf of any such
Representative Expense Fund
Section 2.7
Representative Expense Fund
 
Unvested Equity Awardholder shall vest prior to any amounts payable under this Agreement in respect of any Unvested Equity Award held by such Unvested Equity Awardholder that is not so deposited into the Representative Expense Fund). The Representative Expense Amount shall be held and distributed in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. The Representative shall hold the Representative Expense Fund as partial security for the reimbursement obligations of the Indemnifying Parties in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. The Company Securityholders shall not receive interest or other earnings on the Representative Expense Fund and the Company Securityholders irrevocably transfer and assign to the Representative any ownership right that they may have in any interest that may accrue on funds held in the Representative Expense Fund. The Company Securityholders acknowledge that the Representative is not providing any investment supervision, recommendations or advice. The Representative shall have no responsibility or liability for any loss of principal of the Representative Expense Fund other than as a result of its gross negligence or willful misconduct.
(d) . Subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement:
Exchange Procedures
(i) As soon as commercially practicable after the Effective Time (and, within two Business Days following the Closing Date if the Payment Spreadsheet is delivered in accordance with ), Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail or otherwise deliver to each Company Stockholder a letter of transmittal in substantially the form attached hereto as (the "") to the address set forth opposite such Company Stockholder's name on the Payment Spreadsheet. After receipt of such Letter of Transmittal, such Company Stockholder shall surrender the certificates representing his, her or its shares of the Company Capital Stock (the "") to the Paying Agent for cancellation together with duly completed and validly executed Letter of Transmittal (it being understood that certificates representing Company Preferred Stock that has been converted or that has been deemed converted to Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time shall suffice for this purpose). Upon surrender of the Company Stock Certificates and Letter of Transmittal, the holder of such Company Stock Certificates shall be entitled to receive from the Paying Agent as soon as commercially practicable thereafter (but, in any event, within three Business Days following receipt by the Paying Agent of such Company Stock Certificates and Letter of Transmittal in good order), by delivery of a check or by such other payment mechanism approved by Parent in its reasonable discretion (it being acknowledged and agreed that the Company's 10 largest stockholders and their Affiliates (calculated on a fully diluted, as converted to Company Common Stock basis) will be entitled to request payment by means of a wire transfer from the Paying Agent), the cash constituting the portion of the Closing Payment Fund to which such Company Stockholder is entitled less any applicable Tax withholding. The Company Stock Certificates so surrendered shall be cancelled. Until so surrendered, after the Effective Time, subject to appraisal rights under the DGCL, each Company Stock Certificate will be deemed, for all corporate purposes thereafter, to evidence only the right to receive the consideration provided for in this Agreement. No portion of the Closing Payment Fund shall be paid to any Company Stockholder unless and until the holder of record of such Company Stock Certificate shall surrender such Company Stock Certificate and the Letter of Transmittal pursuant hereto.
Section 6.9(a)
Exhibit F
Letter of Transmittal
Company Stock Certificates
(ii) As soon as commercially practicable after the Closing Date, and upon receipt by the Paying Agent or Parent, as applicable, of such documents that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably require (which documents shall be substantially similar to the Letter of Transmittal) in order to effect the payment of the portion of the Closing Payment Fund with respect of Vested Company Options, each holder of Vested Company Options shall be entitled to receive from the Paying Agent or Parent (directly or indirectly, including through a payroll
 
processor), as applicable, the portion of the Merger Consideration to which such holder is entitled pursuant to , less any applicable Tax withholding.
Section 2.7(c)(i)
(iii) As soon as commercially practicable after the Effective Time, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall mail or otherwise deliver to each holder of Unvested Equity Awards who is a Continuing Employee a copy of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan, a Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement and such other documents as may be reasonably required by Parent (collectively, the ""). Each holder of Unvested Equity Awards who is a Continuing Employee shall be responsible for delivering to Parent his or her executed Unvested Equity Award Documents, together with the certificate(s) or agreement(s) representing his or her cancelled Unvested Equity Awards after the Closing. Subject to the receipt by Parent of such Unvested Equity Award Documents and the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan and such holder's Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement, such holder of Unvested Equity Awards shall be entitled to receive from Parent out of the Continuing Employee Pool the payments that such holder is eligible to receive pursuant to (without interest and less any applicable Tax withholding). The payments made to the holders of Unvested Equity Awards pursuant to their Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreements shall be subject to applicable income or employment Tax withholding as required under the Code or any provision of applicable Tax Law. No payments shall be made to the holder of any Unvested Equity Awards who is a Continuing Employee in connection with the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan unless and until such holder shall have delivered to Parent the Unvested Equity Award Documents and any other documents that Parent may reasonably require pursuant thereto.
Unvested Equity Award Documents
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)
(iv) If payment of any portion of the applicable Closing Payment Fund is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Company Securities are registered, it shall be a condition of payment that the Person requesting such payment (A) shall have paid any transfer and other Taxes required by reason of the payment of those amounts to a Person other than the registered holder of the Company Securities surrendered, and shall have established to the satisfaction of Parent that such Tax has been paid, or (B) shall have established to the satisfaction of Parent that such Tax is not applicable. From and after the Effective Time, until surrendered as contemplated by this , each certificate or agreement formerly representing Company Securities shall be deemed to represent for all purposes only the right to receive the applicable Merger Consideration, if any, in respect of such Company Securities formerly represented thereby in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in the manner provided herein.
Section 2.7
(e) . At any time following the six-month anniversary of the Effective Time, subject to abandoned property, escheat or similar Law, Parent shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it all or any portion of the Closing Payment Fund (including any earnings received with respect thereto) that has not been disbursed to holders of Company Securities, and thereafter such holders of Company Securities shall be entitled to look only to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat or other similar Law), and only as general creditors thereof, with respect to the applicable Merger Consideration payable in respect thereof, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any holder of a certificate or agreement formerly representing Company Securities for any amounts delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. Any amounts remaining unclaimed by holders of Company Securities two years after the Effective Time (or such earlier date, immediately prior to such time when the amounts would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Authority) shall become, to the
Termination of Closing Payment Fund; No Liability
 
extent permitted by applicable Law, including any abandoned property, escheat or similar Law, the property of Parent, free and clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.
(f) . Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation, the Paying Agent and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under any provision of U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. Law in respect of Taxes or under any applicable Law, and to request and be provided any necessary and validly executed Tax forms, including valid Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or the appropriate version of Form W-8, as applicable, and any similar information; , , that to the extent that any payment to any Person is not reduced by such deductions or withholdings, such Person shall indemnify Parent and its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation) for any amounts imposed by and paid over to any Taxing Authority with respect to any such Taxes, together with any costs and expenses relating thereto (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of investigation). To the extent that such amounts are so deducted or withheld pursuant to this , such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. All sales, use, value-added, goods and services, gross receipts, excise, registration, recording, stamp duty, transfer or other similar Taxes or governmental fees ("") imposed or levied in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne by the party on whom such tax is assessed.
Withholding Rights and Transfer Taxes
provided
however
Section 2.8(f)
Transfer Taxes
(g) . In the event that any certificate(s) which formerly represented shares of Company Capital Stock shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making and delivery of an affidavit of that fact by the Company Stockholder in form reasonably satisfactory to Parent (a ""), Parent shall instruct the Paying Agent to pay such Company Stockholder the portion of the Merger Consideration to which such Company Stockholder is entitled to pursuant to ; , , that Parent may, in its sole discretion (acting in good faith) and as a condition precedent to issuing such instruction to the Paying Agent, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate(s) to deliver an agreement of indemnification in form reasonably satisfactory to Parent, or a bond in such sum as Parent may reasonably direct as indemnity, against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent with respect to the certificate(s) alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed (the "").
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates
Lost Stock Affidavit
Section 2.7(a)
provided
however
Lost Certificate Indemnity Agreement
2.9 . At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of the shares of Company Capital Stock on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of certificates formerly evidencing ownership of the shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such shares, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable Law. After the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent shall cancel and exchange, as provided in this , any presented certificate representing shares of Company Capital Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in the Shares
Section 2.9
2.10 . Each of Parent, the Company and the Representative will take all such reasonable and lawful action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the Merger in accordance with this Agreement as promptly as possible. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any such further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and
Taking of Further Necessary Action
 
possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company, the officers and directors of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time are and will remain fully authorized in the name of the Company or otherwise to take, and shall take, upon request by Parent, all such lawful and necessary action.
Subject to any exceptions that are expressly and specifically set forth in the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the "") (it being understood and hereby agreed that (i) the information set forth in the Disclosure Schedule shall be disclosed under separate section and subsection references that correspond to the sections and subsections of this to which such information relates, and (ii) the information set forth in each section and subsection of the Disclosure Schedule shall qualify (A) the representations and warranties set forth in the corresponding section or subsections of this , and (B) any other representations and warranties set forth in this if and solely to the extent that it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure (without reference to the documents referenced therein) that it applies to such other representations and warranties), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as if such representations and warranties were made at and as of the Closing Date (except for such representations and warranties as are made only as of a specific date, which shall be only made as of such date), as follows:
Disclosure Schedule
ARTICLE 3
ARTICLE 3
ARTICLE 3
3.1 .
Organization and Good Standing
(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has full corporate power and authority to conduct its business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted by it. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in every jurisdiction where the properties, owned, leased or operated, or the business conducted by it, requires such qualification, except for such failures to be so duly qualified and in good standing that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
(b) Prior to the date of this Agreement, the Company has made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of the Company Organizational Documents as currently in effect and the organizational documents of each of the Company's Subsidiaries. The Company Organizational Documents and those of its Subsidiaries are in full force and effect and the Company is not in violation of (and has not previously violated) any provision of its Company Organizational Documents, nor are any of the Company's Subsidiaries in violation of any provision of their respective organizational documents.
(c) The operations now being conducted by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are not (and have never been) conducted under any other name.
(d) of the Disclosure Schedule lists the directors and officers of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof.
Schedule 3.1(d)
 
3.2 .
Authority; Enforceability
(a) The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required hereby to be executed and delivered by the Company pursuant hereto and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by the Company pursuant hereto and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company except for the receipt of the Stockholder Written Consents. The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously determined that it is fair to, advisable and in the best interests of the Company Stockholders to enter into a business combination upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, has unanimously approved this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and has unanimously resolved to recommend that the Company Stockholders adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and, other than obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval, no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement or any certificate or other instrument required to be executed and delivered by the Company pursuant hereto or to consummate the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. None of such actions by the Board of Directors of the Company have been amended, rescinded or modified. This Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by the Company pursuant hereto has been (or will be) duly and validly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent, Merger Sub and the Representative, constitutes (or will constitute) a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and to general equity principles.
(b) The Merger Consideration into which each share of Company Capital Stock will be converted in the Merger, if any, conforms to the Company Organizational Documents and no Company Stockholder shall be entitled to receive any different or additional amount in the Merger with respect to shares of Company Capital Stock held by such Company Stockholder.
(c) of the Disclosure Schedule specifies the vote of the holders of any of Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby under applicable Law, the Company Organizational Documents or any Contract to which the Company is a party or is otherwise bound (the ""). The Company has notified (or will notify following the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time) the holders of Company Capital Stock of the transactions contemplated hereby as and to the extent required by the terms and conditions of the Company Organizational Documents and Delaware Law and as contemplated herein. The information furnished on or in any document mailed, delivered or otherwise furnished to the Company Stockholders in connection with the solicitation of their consent to, and adoption of, this Agreement and the Merger did not contain, and will not contain, at or prior to the Effective Time, any untrue statement of a material fact and will not omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which made not misleading.
Schedule 3.2(c)
Requisite Stockholder Approval
 
3.3 .
Capitalization
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of an aggregate of 58,135,926 shares of Company Capital Stock, consisting of an aggregate of 37,750,000 shares of Company Common Stock and an aggregate of 20,385,926 shares of Company Preferred Stock, of which an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares have been designated Company Series Seed Preferred Stock, an aggregate of 6,313,226 shares have been designated Company Series A Preferred Stock, an aggregate of 6,072,700 shares have been designated Company Series B Preferred Stock, and an aggregate of 5,000,000 of which have been designated Company Series C Preferred Stock. As of the date hereof, (i) an aggregate of 9,318,890 shares of Company Common Stock are issued and outstanding, (ii) an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of Company Series Seed Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, (iii) an aggregate of 6,134,893 shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, (iv) an aggregate of 6,054,966 shares of Company Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, and (v) an aggregate of 4,784,689 shares of Company Series C Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The Company has reserved an aggregate of 9,500,000 shares of Company Common Stock for issuance under the Company Stock Plans, and an aggregate of 6,329,573 shares of Company Common Stock are issuable upon the exercise of Company Options outstanding as of the date hereof. The Company has reserved 51,881 shares of Company Series A Preferred Stock and 8,594 shares of Company Series B Preferred Stock for issuance pursuant to warrants.
(b) All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock and other Company Securities have been offered, issued and sold by the Company in compliance with U.S. federal and applicable state securities laws. Except as set forth in this , no subscription, warrant, option, convertible security or other right (contingent or otherwise) to purchase or acquire any shares of Company Capital Stock is authorized or outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Preferred Stock and other Company Securities will convert into shares of Company Common Stock at or prior to the effective time as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company does not have any obligation (whether written, oral, contingent or otherwise) to issue any subscription, warrant, option, convertible security or other right or to issue or distribute to holders of any shares of Company Capital Stock any evidences of indebtedness or assets of the Company. The Company does not have any obligation (whether written, oral, contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or any interest therein or to pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect thereof. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock or similar rights with respect to the Company. There are no agreements, written or oral, between the Company and any holder of its securities or others, or among any holders of its securities, relating to the acquisition (including rights of first refusal, anti-dilution or pre-emptive rights), disposition, registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""), or voting of the Company Capital Stock.
Section 3.3
Securities Act
(c) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all of the Company Stockholders as of the date hereof, setting forth the shares of Company Capital Stock held by each Company Stockholder as of the date of this Agreement.
Schedule 3.3(c)
(d) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all persons who, at the close of business on the date of this Agreement, hold Company Options, indicating, with respect to each Company Option, the number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Company Option, and the exercise price, date of grant, vesting schedule and expiration date thereof, including the extent to which any
Schedule 3.3(d)
 
vesting had occurred as of the date of this Agreement and the extent to which the vesting of such Company Option will be accelerated by the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or by the termination of employment or engagement or change in position of any holder thereof following or in connection with the consummation of the Merger. All Company Options have been granted or issued at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying Company Common Stock, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company at the date of grant or issuance, and none of the Company Options constitute "deferred compensation" under Section 409A of the Code. True, complete and correct copies of each Company Option Plan and all agreements and instruments relating to or issued under each such plan (including executed copies of all Contracts relating to each Company Option and the shares of Company Common Stock purchased under such plan) have been made available to Parent's counsel, and such plans and Contracts have not been amended, modified or supplemented since being made available to Parent's counsel, and there are no Contracts or understandings to amend, modify or supplement such plans or Contracts in any case form those made available to Parent's counsel.
(e) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all persons who, at the close of business on the date of this Agreement, hold Company Warrants, indicating, with respect to each Company Warrant, the number and type of shares of Company Capital Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Company Warrant, and the exercise price and expiration date thereof.
Schedule 3.3(e)
3.4 .  of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of each Subsidiary of the Company. Except for the Subsidiaries of the Company set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company does not own or control, directly or indirectly, any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any equity or similar interest in, or have any commitment or obligation to invest in, purchase any securities or obligations of, fund, guarantee, contribute or maintain the capital of or otherwise financially support any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business association or entity.
Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.4
Schedule 3.4
3.5 . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) conflict with or violate the Company Organizational Documents, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, or result in the loss of any benefit to which the Company is entitled under, any material Contract, Permit, Security Interest or other interest to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or to which its assets are subject, (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Security Interest upon any material assets of the Company, or (iv) violate any Law applicable to the Company or any Company Securityholder or any of their respective properties or assets.
No Conflicts
3.6 . No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with (together, the ""), any Governmental Authority is required on the part of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any Company Securityholder in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby, except for (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (ii) filings required under, and compliance with any other applicable requirements of, the HSR Act and any applicable foreign Antitrust Laws, and (iii) such other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals, notices and registrations which, if not
Governmental Filings and Consents
Consents
 
obtained or made, would not be material to the Company and would not prevent, materially alter or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
3.7 .
Financial Statements
(a) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, correct and complete copy of the following financial statements (collectively, the ""): (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flow as of January 31, 2010 and for the twelve-month period then ended, and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of January 31, 2011 (the "") and consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flow as of and for the twelve month period then ended. The Financial Statements (i) are derived from and the in accordance with the books and records of the Company, (ii) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except that such unaudited Financial Statements do not contain footnotes) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated and consistent with each other except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, (iii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Company at the dates therein indicated and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company for the periods therein specified (subject to normal recurring year-end audit adjustments, none of which individually or in the aggregate will be material in amount), and (iv) are true, complete and correct in all material respects. The Company has identified all uncertain tax positions contained in all Tax Returns filed by the Company and its Subsidiaries and has established adequate reserves and made any appropriate disclosures in the Financial Statements in accordance with the requirements of ASC 740-10 (formerly Financial Interpretation No. 48 of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions).
Schedule 3.7(a)
Financial Statements
Balance Sheet
(b) The Company has in place systems and processes (including the maintenance of proper books and records) that (i) provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of the Financial Statements and (ii) in a timely manner accumulate and communicate to the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer the type of information that would be required to be disclosed in the Financial Statements (such systems and processes are herein referred to as the ""). To the Knowledge of the Company, there has not been any complaint, allegation, deficiency, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the Controls or the Financial Statements. To the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no instances of fraud, whether or not material, that occurred during any period covered by the Financial Statements. The Company has in place a revenue recognition policy consistent with GAAP.
Controls
(c) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, correct and complete list of all of the accounts receivable of the Company and an aging schedule relating thereto, each as of the end of the last completed calendar month prior to the date hereof. All of the accounts receivable of the Company, whether reflected on the Balance Sheet (in which case such accounts or notes receivable have been properly reflected in the Balance Sheet in accordance with GAAP) or arising since the date of the Balance Sheet, have arisen from bona fide transactions in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. Except to the extent of the allowance for doubtful accounts on the Balance Sheet, such accounts receivable and any accounts receivable arising between such date and the Closing Date (collectively, the "") are, to the Knowledge of the Company, fully collectible and no Account Receivable is subject to any counterclaim, set-off, defense, Security Interest, claim, or other encumbrance. No agreement for deduction, free goods, discount or other deferred price or quantity adjustment has been made with respect to any Account Receivable except as set forth in of the Disclosure
Schedule 3.7(c)
Accounts Receivable
Schedule 3.7(c)
 
Schedule. The Company has not invoiced or otherwise charged any of its customers for amounts in excess of the amounts that such customer had theretofore agreed to pay for the good and services provided to it by the Company.
3.8 . Since the date of the Balance Sheet through the date hereof, (i) no Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred, and (ii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has:
Absence of Changes
(a) declared, set aside, made or paid any dividend or other distribution in respect of its capital stock, or agreed to do any of the foregoing, or purchased or redeemed or agreed to purchase or redeem, directly or indirectly, any shares of its capital stock;
(b) issued or sold any shares of its capital stock of any class or any options, warrants, conversion or other rights to purchase any such shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares;
(c) adopted, amended, modified, or terminated in any material respect any Company Employee Plan, agreement trust, fund, arrangement for the benefit of employees or any collective bargaining agreement (other than as may have been required by the terms of the Company Employee Plan or collective bargaining agreement, or as may have been required by applicable Law);
(d) increased any compensation or fringe benefits, paid any bonus, granted any increase in severance or termination pay or otherwise changed any of the terms of employment or service for any of its Employees;
(e) entered into any loan or advanced any money or other property with any of its employees, officers, directors or consultants outside the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(f) incurred any indebtedness for purchase money or borrowed money;
(g) mortgaged, pledged or subjected to any Security Interest, any of its properties or assets, tangible or intangible;
(h) acquired or disposed of any assets or properties (whether tangible or intangible) having a value in excess of $100,000 (singly or in the aggregate);
(i) forgiven or cancelled any debts or claims, or waived any rights, having a value in excess of $100,000;
(j) incurred a capital expenditure or made a commitment exceeding $100,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate;
(k) changed accounting methods or practices (including any change in depreciation or amortization policies or rates) by the Company other than as required by GAAP;
(l) made or changed any material Tax election, adopted or changed any Tax accounting method, agreed to or settled any claim or assessment relating to Taxes, entered into any closing agreement in respect of Taxes, or extended or waived any of the limitation periods applicable to any claim or assessment relating to Taxes;
 
(m) revaluated any of its assets (whether tangible or intangible), including writing down the value of inventory or writing off, discounting or otherwise compromising any notes or accounts receivable in an amount in excess of $25,000;
(n) made any payment of any nature to any Company employee, director or consultant other than salary or fees payable in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(o) received notice of any claim or potential claim of ownership, interest or right by any person other than the Company of the Intellectual Property owned by or developed or created by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or of infringement by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries of any other Person's Intellectual Property;
(p) commenced or settled any lawsuit or become aware of the commencement, settlement, notice or threat of any lawsuit or proceeding or other investigation against the Company, the Subsidiaries or their affairs, or any reasonable basis for any of the foregoing;
(q) engaged in any purchase or sale of any interest in real property, grant of any Security Interest in any real property, agreement to lease, sublease, license or otherwise occupy any real property, or any alteration, amendment, modification, violation or termination of any of the terms of any Real Property Lease; or
(r) entered into any agreement, commitment or obligation to do any of the foregoing.
3.9 . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any Liabilities, except for (a) Liabilities and obligations shown on the Balance Sheet, including proper accrual for bonuses and commissions, (b) Liabilities and obligations which have arisen since the date of the Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and (c) obligations incurred pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no Company Debt. Except for Liabilities reflected in the Financial Statements, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any off balance sheet Liability of any nature to, or any financial interest in, any third party or entities the purpose or effect of which is to defer, postpone, reduce or otherwise avoid or adjust the recording of debt expenses incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. All reserves that are set forth in or reflected in the Company Balance Sheet have been established in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.
Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities
Schedule 3.9
3.10 .
Taxes
(a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have prepared and timely filed all required U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. returns Tax Returns relating to any and all Taxes concerning or attributable to the Company, its Subsidiaries or their operations, and such Tax Returns are true and correct and have been completed in accordance with applicable Law.
(b) The Company and its Subsidiaries have (i) timely paid all Taxes they are required to pay, and (ii) timely paid or withheld with respect to their employees and other third parties (and timely paid over any withheld amounts to the appropriate Taxing authority) all U.S. federal and state, and non-U.S. income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act amounts, Federal Unemployment Tax Act amounts and other Taxes required to be paid or withheld, whether or not such payments are in connection with any Tax Return.
 
(c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been delinquent in the payment of any Tax, nor is there any Tax deficiency outstanding, assessed or proposed against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries executed or requested any outstanding waiver of any statute of limitations on or extension of the period for the assessment or collection of any Tax. No power of attorney that is currently in force has been granted by or with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any matter relating to Taxes.
(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been notified of any request for an audit, examination or proceeding with respect to any Return of the Company or its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is any such audit, examination or proceeding presently in progress. No adjustment relating to any Return filed by the Company or its Subsidiaries has been proposed by any tax authority to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any representative thereof. No claim has ever been made that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may be subject to taxation in a jurisdiction in which it does not file Tax Returns.
(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities for unpaid Taxes as of the date of the Balance Sheet that had not been accrued or reserved on the Balance Sheet, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise, and the Company has not incurred any liability for Taxes since the date of the Balance Sheet other than in the ordinary course of business.
(f) The Company has made available to Parent or its legal counsel or accountants copies of all Tax Returns, Tax opinions and legal memoranda, audit reports, letter rulings and similar documents for the Company and its Subsidiaries for all periods since its inception.
(g) There are (and immediately following the Effective Time there will be) no Security Interests on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to or attributable to Taxes other than Security Interests for Taxes not yet due and payable. There is no basis for the assertion of any claim relating or attributable to Taxes which, if adversely determined, would result in any Security Interest for Taxes on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(h) The Company is not, and has not been at any time, a "United States Real Property Holding Corporation" within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code.
(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (a) ever been a member of an affiliated group (within the meaning of Code 1504(a)) filing a consolidated U.S. federal income tax Return or a Return under similar state, local or non-U.S. Tax laws (other than a group the common parent of which was Company), (b) ever been a party to any Tax sharing, indemnification or allocation agreement, nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owe any amount pursuant to such an agreement, (c) any liability for the Taxes of any person under Treas. Reg.  1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law, including any arrangement for group or consortium relief or similar arrangement), as a transferee or successor, by contract, by operation of law or otherwise, and (d) ever been a party to any joint venture, partnership or, to the Knowledge of the Company, other agreement that could be treated as a partnership for Tax purposes.
(j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code.
 
(k) Neither the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has participated in a reportable transaction under Treas. Reg.  1.6011-4(b), including any transaction that is the same as or substantially similar to one of the types of transactions that the Internal Revenue Service has determined to be a tax avoidance transaction and identified by notice, regulation, or other form of published guidance as a listed transaction, as set forth in Treas. Reg.  1.6011-4(b)(2).
(l) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any Tax exemption, Tax holiday or other Tax reduction agreement or order (each, a ""), and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not have any adverse effect on the continued validity and effectiveness of any such Tax Incentive. Copies of any documents relating to any such Tax Incentives have been made available to Parent or its legal counsel or accountants.
Tax Incentive
(m) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to Tax in any country other than its country of incorporation or formation by virtue of being treated as a resident of or having a permanent establishment, other place of business or a source of income in that country. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is liable for any tax as the agent of any other Person, business or enterprise or constitutes a permanent establishment or other place of business of any other Person, business or enterprise for any Tax purpose.
(n) The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable transfer pricing laws and regulations, including the execution and maintenance of contemporaneous documentation substantiating the transfer pricing practices and methodology of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The prices for any property or services (or for the use of any property) provided by or to the Company or its Subsidiaries are arm's length prices for purposes of all applicable transfer pricing laws, including Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 482 of the Code.
(o) There currently are no limitations on the utilization of the net operating losses or other similar items of the Company under Section 269 of the Code or any comparable provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law. There is no deferred gain or loss allocable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any deferred intercompany transaction as defined in Treas. Reg.  1.1502-13 or any comparable provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction that is subject to the dual consolidated loss rule of Section 1503(d) of the Code.
(p) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any income or gain or exclude any deduction or loss from income for any taxable period or portion thereof after the Closing as a result of any (a) change in method of accounting made prior to the Closing, (b) closing agreement under Section 7121 of the Code executed prior to the Closing, (c) deferred intercompany gain or excess loss account under Treasury Regulations under Section 1502 of the Code in connection with a transaction consummated prior to the Closing (or in the case of each of (a), (b) and (c), under any similar provision of applicable Law), (d) installment sale or open transaction disposition consummated prior to the Closing or (e) amount received prior to the Closing.
(q) There is no Contract to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, including the provisions of this Agreement, covering any Employee of the Company, which, individually or collectively, could give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G or 404 of the Code. Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, no payment or benefit which has been, will be or may be made with
Schedule 3.10(q)
 
respect to any Employee will, or could reasonably be expected to, be characterized as a "parachute payment," within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, either alone or in conjunction with any other event (whether contingent or otherwise). Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, there is no Contract to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any Employee for excise Taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code. of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all Persons who are "disqualified individuals" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder) as determined as of the date hereof.
Schedule 3.10(q)
Schedule 3.10(q)
(r) Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not party to any Contract that is a "nonqualified deferred compensation plan" subject to Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. The Company is not a party to, or otherwise obligated under, any Contract that provides for a gross up of Taxes imposed by Section 409A of the Code. Each such nonqualified deferred compensation plan has been operated in compliance, in all material respects, with Section 409A of the Code. No stock option or other right to acquire Company Capital Stock or other equity of the Company (i) has an exercise price that was less than the fair market value of the underlying equity as of the date such option or right was granted (determined in a manner consistent with Section 409A of the Code); (ii) has any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the later of exercise or disposition of such option or rights; (iii) has been granted after December 31, 2004, with respect to any class of stock of the Company that is not "service recipient stock" (within the meaning of applicable regulations under Section 409A of the Code); or (iv) has failed to be properly accounted for in accordance with GAAP in the Financials.
Schedule 3.10(r)
3.11 .  of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, complete and correct list of each supplier of goods or services to the Company to whom the Company paid in the aggregate more than $175,000 since January 31, 2010 (the ""), together with, in each case, the amount paid during such period. of the Disclosure Schedule also sets forth a true, complete and correct list of each customer of the Company from whom the Company received more than $200,000 in the aggregate in collections or accounts receivable since January 31, 2010 (the ""), together with, in each case, the amount of the order received during such period. Since January 31, 2010, no Major Supplier or Major Customer has terminated its relationship with the Company or materially reduced or changed the pricing or other terms of its business with the Company, or provided notice to Company of its intent do any of the foregoing. The Company is not engaged in any material dispute with any Major Supplier or Major Customer and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Major Supplier or Major Customer intends to terminate, limit or reduce its business relations with the Company, or materially reduce or change the pricing or other terms of its business with the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement would not reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on the business relationship of the Company with any Major Supplier or Major Customer.
Suppliers and Major Customers
Schedule 3.11
Major Suppliers
Schedule 3.11
Major Customers
3.12 .
Property
(a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries currently owns or has ever owned any real property.
(b) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or, in the case of leases of properties and assets, a valid leasehold interest in, all properties and assets (whether real, personal, tangible or intangible) necessary to conduct all of the businesses and
 
operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted, including all properties and assets reflected on the Balance Sheet or acquired after the date of the Balance Sheet, and none of such properties or assets is subject to any Security Interest. This does not apply to Intellectual Property.
Section 3.12
(c) of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list of all of the existing leases, subleases, licenses, or other agreements (collectively, the "") under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, any real property (the "") the name of the lessor, the date and term of the Real Property Lease and each amendment thereto and the aggregate annual rental payable thereunder. The Company has made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all Real Property Leases (including all modifications, amendments, supplements, consents, waivers and side letters thereto and all agreements in connection therewith, including all work letters, improvement agreements, estoppel certificates, subordination agreements, and guarantees). The Closing will not affect the enforceability against any Person of any Real Property Lease or any rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries thereunder or otherwise with respect to any Leased Premises, including the right to the continued use and possession of the Leased Premises for the conduct of business as presently conducted, and will not conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, or result in the loss of any benefit to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled under, any Real Property Leases.
Schedule 3.12(c)
Real Property Leases
Leased Premises
(d) The Real Property Leases are each in full force and effect and are valid and binding obligations of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are in breach of or default under, nor have they received written notice of any breach of or default under, any Real Property Lease and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a material breach or material default thereunder by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any other party thereto. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have transferred or assigned any interest in any Real Property Lease, nor have they subleased or otherwise granted rights of use or occupancy of any of the premises described therein to any other person or entity. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries currently occupies all of the Leased Premises for the operation of its business and there is no other person or entity with a right to occupy the Leased Premises. The Leased Premises and the personal property owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are in good operating condition and repair and free from any material defects, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and are suitable for the uses for which they are being used in all material respects. The operations of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries does not, nor to the Knowledge of the Company, does any Leased Premises violate in any material respect any applicable building code, zoning requirement or other Law relating to such property or operations thereon. Neither the Company nor one of its Subsidiaries could be required to expend more than $10,000 in causing any Leased Premises to comply with the surrender conditions set forth in the applicable Real Property Lease. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has performed all of its obligations under any termination agreements pursuant to which it has terminated any leases of real property that are no longer in effect and has no continuing liability with respect to such terminated real property leases. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any agreement or subject to any claim that may require the payment of any real estate brokerage commissions, and no such commission is owed with respect to any of the Leased Premises.
 
3.13 .
Intellectual Property
(a) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, complete and correct list of the Company Registered Intellectual Property (including the jurisdiction in which each such item of Intellectual Property has been registered or filed and the applicable registration, application or serial number or similar identifier).
Schedule 3.13(a)
(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has claimed any "small business status" in the application for or registration of any Company Registered Intellectual Property, nor any other status that, to the Knowledge of the Company, would not be applicable to Parent or the Surviving Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no information, materials, facts or circumstances, including any information or fact that would constitute prior art not in the file wrapper, that would render any of the Company Registered Intellectual Property that is not an application invalid or unenforceable, or would adversely affect any pending application for any Company Registered Intellectual Property. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have misrepresented, or failed to disclose, any facts or circumstances known to it in any application for any Company Registered Intellectual Property that would constitute fraud or a misrepresentation with respect to such application or that would otherwise affect the enforceability of any Company Registered Intellectual Property.
(c) The Company is the sole and exclusive beneficial and record owner of all Company Intellectual Property, including Company Registered Intellectual Property and no other Person has any other ownership rights thereto (contingent or otherwise).
(d) All Company Registered Intellectual Property is valid (to the Knowledge of the Company), subsisting and in full force and effect (except with respect to applications) and has not expired or been cancelled or abandoned. If any Company Registered Intellectual Property is later found to be invalid, such finding will not be predicated on any act or omission by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor on any information or event about which the Company knew or should have known. All necessary registration, maintenance and renewal fees have been paid, and all necessary documents and certificates in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property have been filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other equivalent authorities in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes of perfecting, prosecuting and maintaining such Company Registered Intellectual Property. There are no actions that must be taken by the Company and its Subsidiaries within 90 days of the Closing Date with respect to any item of Company Registered Intellectual Property, including the payment of any registration, maintenance or renewal fees or the filing of any documents, applications or certificates for the purposes of maintaining, perfecting or preserving or renewing any Company Registered Intellectual Property.
(e) There is no pending (and at no time within the two years prior to the date of this Agreement has there been pending any) Action before any court, government agency or arbitral tribunal in any jurisdiction challenging the use, ownership, validity, enforceability or registerability of any Company Registered Intellectual Property, nor has the Company received written notice threatening any such Action. The Company is not a party to any settlements, covenants not to sue, consents, decrees, stipulations, judgments or orders resulting from Actions which permit third parties to use any Company Registered Intellectual Property.
(f) The Company owns, or has valid rights to use, all of the Intellectual Property and Technology used or held for use in, or necessary to conduct, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted. To the
 
extent that any Patents would be infringed by the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted, including the manufacture, use, sale or import of any Company Products, the Company or its Subsidiaries are the exclusive owner of such patents or have secured appropriate rights from the owner through license or other agreement to make, use, sell and import such Company Products and otherwise conduct the business of Company and its Subsidiaries.
(g) The conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the use, development, marketing, sale and provision of Company Products, as previously conducted, as currently conducted and as planned to be conducted (under the current product roadmaps and business plans of the Company) does not and will not (i) infringe, dilute, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property or other proprietary right owned by any third party, or (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, constitute unfair competition or trade practices under the Laws of any jurisdiction.
(h) There is no pending (and at no time within the three years prior to the date of this Agreement has there been pending or threatened any) Action alleging that the conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes, dilutes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates or constitutes the unauthorized use of, or will infringe, dilute, misappropriate, or otherwise violate or constitute the unauthorized use of, the Intellectual Property of any third party (nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, is there any basis therefor), nor has the Company received written notice threatening any such Action (nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any threat not in writing that is reasonably likely to result in any such Action). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any settlement, covenant not to sue, consent, decree, stipulation, judgment, or order (including those resulting from any Action) which (i) restricts the rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to use any Intellectual Property, (ii) restricts the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in order to accommodate a third party's Intellectual Property or (iii) requires any future payment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has not received any communication from any third party offering to license to the Company any Intellectual Property, other than as contained in advertisements or sales communications to license or obtain generally commercially available Technology.
(i) of the Disclosure Schedule is a true, complete and correct list of all Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (1) pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has licensed, granted a covenant not to sue or immunity from infringement, or assigned or is obligated to license, grant or assign any Company Intellectual Property to a third party, or otherwise relating to any Company Intellectual Property (""), other than (i) non-exclusive licenses entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with the sale of Company Products, (ii) standard non-disclosure agreements that do not materially differ in substance from the Company's standard forms, which have been made available to Parent, and (iii) standard contractor agreements that do not materially differ in substance from the Company's standard forms, which have been made available to Parent, or (2) pursuant to which a third party has licensed, granted a covenant not to sue or immunity from infringement, or assigned any Intellectual Property to the benefit of Company or any of its Subsidiaries ("", and together with Out-Licenses, the ""), excluding only Contracts for Shrink-Wrap and standard non-disclosure agreements that do not materially differ in substance from the Company's standard forms, which have been made available to Parent. There are no Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any third party with respect to the Intellectual Property under which there is any known dispute regarding the scope of such Contract or performance under such Contract, including with respect to any payments to be made or received by the Company and its Subsidiaries thereunder.
Schedule 3.13(i)
Out-Licenses
In-Licenses
Intellectual Property Contracts
 
(j) To the Knowledge of the Company, no third party is infringing, diluting, misappropriating, or otherwise violating or engaged in the unauthorized use of any Company Intellectual Property, and no Actions, suits, claims or proceedings have been brought against any third party by the Company alleging that a third party is infringing, diluting, misappropriating, or otherwise violating or engaged in the unauthorized use of any Company Intellectual Property.
(k) All Company Intellectual Property is, and following Closing will be, fully transferable, alienable or licensable by Parent after the Closing without restriction and without payment of any kind to any third party.
(l) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to obtain, maintain and protect the Company Intellectual Property, including requiring each current and former employee, consultant and independent contractor who has made any contributions to the development of any Company Product to execute a Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement under which Company or its Subsidiaries has obtained a valid and enforceable assignment sufficient to irrevocably transfer all such Intellectual Property (excepting, to the extent applicable, non-assignable moral rights) (including the right to seek past and future damages with respect thereto) (in each case, which agreement does not materially differ in form or substance, with respect to such Intellectual Property matters, from the Company's standard forms which have been provided by Company to Parent) under which such employee, consultant or independent contractor has not retained and does not have any rights or licenses with respect to any such Intellectual Property developed for the Company or its Subsidiaries or using resources owned or provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries. Other than under a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement or contractual provision relating to confidentiality and non-disclosure, there has been no disclosure to any third party of confidential information or Trade Secrets of the Company related to any Company Product. Assignments of the Registered Intellectual Property listed in of the Disclosure Schedule to the Company have been duly executed and filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or Copyright Office, Governmental Authority or any equivalent foreign authority, as applicable.
Schedule 3.13(a)
(m) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted (other than to employees or consultants of the Company under Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreements or written confidentiality agreements, as applicable) nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries obligated to grant access or a license to any of the source code of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for any Company Product (including in any such case any conditional right to access or under which the Company has established any escrow arrangement for the storage and conditional release of any of its source code for any Company Product). The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not result in a release of any source code owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the grant of incremental rights to a Person with regard to such source code. The source code for all Company Products that include software has been documented in a professional manner that is both: (i) consistent with customary code annotation conventions and customary practices in the software industry; and (ii) sufficient to independently enable a programmer of reasonable skill and competence to understand, analyze, and interpret program logic, correct errors and improve, enhance, modify and support the Company Products. All Company software, both before and after the completion of the Code Scrub Requirements, conforms to and performs substantially in accordance in all material respects with all specifications, drawings, representations and warranties related to such software provided to the Company's customers.
(n) of the Disclosure Schedule accurately identifies and generally describes (A) each item of Open Source Material that is or has been contained in, or
Schedule 3.13(n)
 
distributed with, each Company Product or from which any part of any Company Product has been derived, or which is or has been distributed or made available to any third party by or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) a reference to the applicable license terms for each such item of Open Source Material, (C) the Company Product to which each such item of Open Source Material relates, and (D) whether (and if so, in a general manner, how) each such item of Open Source Material has been modified or distributed by or for the Company or its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has used any Open Source Material in a manner that grants or would require the grant of a license to any Person of any Company Product (excepting such Open Source Materials themselves, as unmodified in a material manner by Company) or Company Intellectual Property or, in each case, any portion thereof. The Open Source Materials have not been exploited in a manner that imposes or purports to impose a requirement or condition that the Company Intellectual Property (or any portion thereof) be (i) disclosed or distributed in source code form, (ii) licensed for the purpose of making modifications or derivative works, or (iii) redistributable at no charge.
(o) Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will result in any violation, loss or impairment of ownership by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of, or the right of any of them to use, with respect to any Technology or Intellectual Property, nor require the consent of any Governmental Authority or third party with respect to any such Technology or Intellectual Property. Neither this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor an assignment to Parent, by operation of law or otherwise, of any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, will result in (A) Parent or its Affiliates granting to any third party any right in any Intellectual Property, (B) Parent or its Affiliates being bound by, or subject to, any non-compete or other restriction on the operation or scope of their respective businesses, or (C) Parent or its Affiliates being obligated to pay any royalties or other amounts to any third party in excess of those payable by Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Closing.
(p) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has assigned or transferred to any third party rights in any Intellectual Property that is or was Company Intellectual Property, and has not granted any exclusive rights in any Company Intellectual Property to any third party.
(q) No government funding, facilities of a university, college, other educational institution or research center was used in the development of any Company Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property purported to be owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No current or former employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, who was involved in, or who contributed to, the creation or development of any Company Intellectual Property or Intellectual Property purported to be owned by the Company, has performed services for the government, university, college, or other educational institution or research center during a period of time during which such employee, consultant or independent contractor was also performing services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(r) The Company has made available to Parent (i) all documentation and notes in the Company's possession that relate to the testing of Company Products and (ii) a true, complete and correct list of all known bugs, defects and errors in each version of the Company Products that are currently being commercially distributed. The Company Products do not currently contain any other bugs, defects, errors or problems that cannot be corrected by the Parent in the ordinary course of business with a reasonable expenditure of engineering resources.
 
(s) All Company Products that are currently being commercially distributed, and all software and firmware owned by, or purported to be owned by, the Company and its Subsidiaries (and all parts thereof): (i) will function in the same manner immediately following the Closing as they currently function and (ii) are free of any disabling codes or instructions and any "back door," "time bomb," "Trojan horse," "worm," "drop dead device," "virus" or other software routines or hardware components that are designed to permit unauthorized access or the unauthorized disruption, impairment, disablement or erasure of such Company Product or Company software or firmware (or all parts thereof) or data or other software of users ("").
Contaminants
(t) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has taken commercially reasonable steps and implemented commercially reasonable procedures to ensure that information technology systems used in connection with the operation of the Company are free from Contaminants. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has appropriate disaster recovery plans, procedures and facilities for their businesses and has taken reasonable steps to safeguard the information technology systems utilized in the operation of the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as it is currently conducted. There have been no unauthorized intrusions or breaches of the security of its information technology systems. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented any and all security patches or upgrades that are generally available for the Company's information technology systems where, in the Company's reasonable judgment, such patches or upgrades are required.
(u) of the Disclosure Schedule contains each Company Privacy Policy and identifies, with respect to each Company Privacy Policy, the period of time during which such policy was or has been in effect, whether the terms of a later Company Privacy Policy apply to the data or information collected under such privacy policy; and, if so, the mechanism (e.g., opt-in, opt-out, notice) used to apply the later Company Privacy Policy to such data or information. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has complied with all applicable Company Privacy Policies and Laws relating to privacy, data protection, and the collection and use of personally identifiable information. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has at all times made all disclosure to users or customers required by applicable Laws relating to privacy and none of such disclosures have been inaccurate in any material respect or materially misleading or deceptive or in violation of any applicable laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries takes reasonable measures to ensure that such information is protected against unauthorized access, use, modification, and other misuse. No breach or violation of any such security policy has occurred and there has been no unauthorized or illegal use of or access to any of the data in any databases that include Personal Data. None of the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement, the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or Parent's possession of any Personal Data will result in any violation of any Company Privacy Policy or applicable Law with respect to privacy. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a complaint regarding the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' collection, use or disclosure of personally identifiable information or other Personal Data.
Schedule 3.13(u)
(v) The Company's and its Subsidiaries' business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted (under the current product roadmaps and business plans of the Company) does not and will not involve the use or development of, or engaging in, encryption technology, or other Technology whose development, commercialization or export is restricted under applicable U.S. Law, and the Company's and its Subsidiaries' business as currently conducted and as proposed to be conducted (under the current product roadmaps and business plans of the Company) does not and will not require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
 
obtain a license from a Governmental Authority regulating the development, commercialization or export of Technology.
(w) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is now or has ever been a member or promoter of, participant in, or a contributor to, any industry standards body or any similar organization that could reasonably be expected to require or obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to disclose, grant or offer to any other Person any license or right to any Company Intellectual Property or restrict or impair the Company's enforcement of the Company Intellectual Property.
(x) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received or requested an opinion letter from counsel that any Company Product, or the operation of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries as previously or currently conducted, or as proposed to be conducted, infringes or misappropriates, or would infringe or misappropriate, the Intellectual Property of any third party.
(y) No person other than the Company and its Subsidiaries has ownership rights granted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to an improvement made by or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any Company Intellectual Property. All Company Intellectual Property will be fully transferable, alienable or licensable by Parent or the Surviving Company without restriction and without payment of any kind to any third party.
(z) The Company Intellectual Property is not subject to any exclusive license or right granted to a third party.
(aa) Each item of Company Intellectual Property is free and clear of any Security Interests.
(bb) Other than with respect to industry standard indemnity provisions contained in agreements entered in the ordinary course of business (such as indemnity provisions that do not materially differ in substance from those in the Company's standard form(s) of end-use license (including attachments) (copies of which have been made available to Parent)), of the Disclosure Schedule lists all Contracts between the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any other Person, on the other hand, wherein or whereby the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has agreed to, or assumed, any obligation or duty to indemnify, reimburse, hold harmless, guaranty or otherwise assume or incur any obligation or Liability or provide a right of rescission with respect to the infringement or misappropriation by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or such other Person of the Intellectual Property of any Person other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Schedule 3.13(bb)
(cc) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all Company Products.
Schedule 3.13(cc)
3.14 .
Contracts
(a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, subject to or otherwise bound by:
(i) any Contract or series of related Contracts which requires aggregate future expenditures by the Company in excess of $100,000 or which might result in payments by or to the Company in excess of $100,000 or is otherwise material to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(ii) any Contract for the purchase of equipment in excess of $75,000;
(iii) any Contract that expires more than one year after the date of this Agreement and is not terminable by Company on 90 days notice (or less) without penalty;
(iv) any Contract (other than a Contract entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) with support or indemnification obligations that cannot be terminated with 90 days' notice (or less) without penalty;
(v) any distributor, reseller or similar Contract under which the Company does not have the right to terminate without penalty on 90 days' notice (or less);
(vi) any Contract (other than those related to Company Securities or required to be disclosed pursuant to ) with any current or former stockholder, employee, officer or director of the Company, or any "affiliate" or "associate" of such persons (as such terms are defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act) (any of the foregoing, a ""), including any Contract providing for the furnishing of services by, rental of real or personal property from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any Related Party;
Section 3.14(a)(xvii)
Related Party
(vii) any Contract limiting the freedom of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to engage or participate, or compete with any other Person, in any line of business, market or geographic area, or to make use of any Intellectual Property, or any Contract granting most favored nation pricing, exclusive sales, distribution, marketing or other exclusive rights, rights of refusal, rights of first negotiation or similar rights and/or terms to any Person, or any Contract otherwise limiting the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to sell, distribute or manufacture any products or services or to purchase or otherwise obtain any software, components, parts, subassemblies or services;
(viii) all Intellectual Property Contracts, excluding only Contracts for Shrink-Wrap Code, non-disclosure agreements, and contractor agreements entered in the ordinary course of business;
(ix) all licenses, sublicenses and other Contracts pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to any restriction on the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to use or enforce any Company Intellectual Property or pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries agrees to encumber, transfer or sell rights in or with respect to any Company Intellectual Property;
(x) any Contract providing for the development of any Technology or Intellectual Property, independently or jointly, by or for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(xi) any trust, loan agreement, indenture, note, bond, debenture or any other document or Contract evidencing Indebtedness to any Person, any capitalized lease obligation, or any commitment to provide any of the foregoing, or any agreement of guaranty, indemnification or other similar commitment with respect to the obligations or Liabilities of any other Person;
(xii) any Contract for the disposition of any material portion of the assets or business (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
 
(xiii) any Contract for the acquisition of the business or capital stock of another party (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise);
(xiv) any Contract concerning a joint venture, joint development or other similar arrangement with one or more Persons;
(xv) any hedging, futures, options or other derivative Contract;
(xvi) any Contract creating any obligation with respect to the payment of any severance, retention, bonus, success, change of control or other similar payment to any Person the payment or acceleration of which is triggered by the Company entering into this Agreement, or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or any subsequent transactions or events;
(xvii) any Contract for the employment of any director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other type of Contract with any officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is not immediately terminable by the Company or such Subsidiary without cost or Liability, including any Contract requiring it to make a payment to any director, officer, employee or consultant on account of the Merger, any transaction contemplated by this Agreement or any Contract that is entered into in connection with this Agreement;
(xviii) any Contract under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries provides any consulting, software implementation, deployment, development services or support services with payments to the Company in excess of $25,000;
(xix) any Contract with any labor union or any collective bargaining agreement or similar contract with its employees;
(xx) any Contract with any investment banker, broker, advisor or similar party, or any accountant, legal counsel or other Person retained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;
(xxi) any confidentiality, secrecy or non-disclosure Contract other than any such Contract entered into with customers and distributors in the ordinary course of business pursuant to the Company's standard (substantially unmodified form) (a copy or copies of which has been made available to Parent);
(xxii) any settlement agreement; or
(xxiii) any Real Property Lease.
(b) True, complete and correct copies of each Material Contract (including all amendments thereto) have been made available to Parent. Each Contract set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule or any other Schedule of the Disclosure Schedule (or required to be so disclosed therein, whether or not actually disclosed therein) (each, a "" and collectively, the "") is a valid and binding agreement of the Company and is in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. The Company is not in default or breach under the terms of any of the Material Contracts (a "default" being defined for purposes hereof as an actual default or event of default or the existence of any fact or circumstance which would, upon receipt of notice or passage of time, constitute a default or right of termination), nor will the consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by this Agreement
Schedule 3.14(a)
Material Contract
Material Contracts
 
give rise to any such default or breach and, to the Knowledge of the Company, (A) no other party to any such Material Contracts is in default or breach of such Material Contracts, and (B) no event has occurred that with notice or the passage of time would constitute a default or breach thereunder by the Company or would permit the modification or premature termination of any such Material Contracts by any other party thereto.
3.15 .
Benefit Plans
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "" or "" shall mean any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (""), whether or not subject to ERISA), any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, pension, retirement, "401(k)," "SERP," severance, savings, deferred compensation, fringe benefit, insurance, post-retirement health or welfare benefit, life, stock option, stock purchase, restricted stock, equity compensation, stock appreciation right, restricted stock unit, tuition refund, service award, company car or car allowance, scholarship, housing or living allowances, relocation, disability, accident, sick pay, sick leave, accrued leave, vacation, paid time off, holiday, termination, unemployment, individual employment, consulting, executive compensation, incentive, commission, payroll practices, retention, change in control, non-competition, other plan, agreement, policy, trust fund or arrangement (whether written or unwritten, insured or self-insured), and any plan subject to Sections 125, 127, 129, 137 or 423 of the Code, currently maintained, sponsored or contributed to by the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, other Person under common control with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries within the meaning of 414(b), (e), (m) or (o) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder (an "") or to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is a party. of the Disclosure Schedule includes a true, complete and correct list of all Plans, and the Company has made available to Parent a true, complete and correct copy of each Plan as well as, if applicable, a copy of each trust or other funding arrangement, each summary plan description and summary of material modifications, and the most recent determination letter received from the IRS, if any. The Company has made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all Form 5500 Series annual reports for each Plan for the prior three years (if such forms were required to be filed), together with all schedules, attachments, and related opinions and copies of any correspondence from or to the IRS, the Department of Labor or other U.S. government department or agency relating to an audit or penalty assessment with respect to any Plan or relating to requested relief from any Liability or penalty relating to any Plan.
Company Employee Plan
Plan
ERISA
ERISA Affiliate
Schedule 3.15(a)
(b) Each Plan and each funding vehicle related to such Plan is currently in compliance in all material respects with, and has been administered and operated in material compliance with, its terms and all applicable statutes, orders, rules and regulations. Each Plan which is intended to be a "qualified plan" as described in Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the IRS to so qualify and such plan has received an opinion, advisory or determination letter stating that such plan is qualified, and there are no facts which might adversely affect such qualification.
(c) Neither the Company nor its ERISA Affiliates maintains, sponsors or contributes to any Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA or any "multiemployer plan" (as such term is defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA), nor have they incurred any Liability, including withdrawal Liability, with respect to any such Plan.
 
(d) The Company and each ERISA Affiliate has made or will accrue prior to the Closing Date all payments and contributions (including insurance premiums) due and payable as of the Closing Date to each Plan as required to be made under the terms of such Plan.
(e) With respect to all Plans and related trusts, there are no "prohibited transactions," as that term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, that have occurred that could subject any Plan, related trust or party dealing with any such Plan or related trust to any tax or penalty on prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502 of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code.
(f) There are no actions, suits, arbitrations or claims (other than routine claims for benefits by employees of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, beneficiaries or dependents of such employees arising in the normal course of operation of a Plan) pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, with respect to any Plan or any fiduciary or sponsor of a Plan with respect to their duties under such Plan or the assets of any trust under any such Plan.
(g) The Company does not have any obligations under any Plan to provide post-retirement or post-employment benefits (including disability, health, and life, or death benefits) to any employee or any former employee of the Company other than as required by COBRA or applicable state Law.
(h) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all Change in Control Payments which will or may become payable as a result of the Company entering into this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Schedule 3.15(h)
(i) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate currently maintains, has established, sponsors, participates in or contributes to any plan maintained or contributed to by the Company pursuant to the Law or applicable custom or rule of any applicable jurisdiction outside of the United States, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever had any obligation to maintain, establish, sponsor, participate in or contribute to any such plan.
3.16 .
Personnel
(a) None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated hereby or any termination of employment or service (or constructive termination or other change) of any Employee in connection therewith or subsequent thereto will, individually or together with the occurrence of some other event, (i) result in any payment (including severance, unemployment compensation, golden parachute, bonus or otherwise) becoming due to any Person, (ii) materially increase or otherwise enhance any benefits otherwise payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits, except as required under Section 411(d)(3) of the Code, (iv) increase the amount of compensation due to any Person, or (v) result in the forgiveness in whole or in part of any outstanding loans made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person.
(b) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all Law respecting employment, discrimination in employment, fair employment practices, equal employment, terms and conditions of employment, meal and rest periods, leaves of absence, employee privacy, worker classification (including the proper classification of workers as independent contractors and consultants), wages (including overtime wages), compensation and hours of work, and occupational safety and health and employment practices, and is not engaged in any unfair labor practice. Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule,
Schedule 3.16(b)
 
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any employee whose employment would require special licenses or permits. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, in all material respects, withheld all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld from the wages, salaries, and other payments to employees; and is not liable for any arrears of wages, compensation, Taxes, penalties or other sums for failure to comply with any of the foregoing. The Company or any of its Subsidiaries has paid in full to all employees, independent contractors and consultants all wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, benefits and other compensation due to or on behalf of such employees, independent contractors and consultants. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material liability with respect to any misclassification of: (i) any Person as an independent contractor rather than as an employee, (ii) any employee leased from another employer, or (iii) any employee currently or formerly classified as exempt from overtime wages. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is liable for any payment to any trust or other fund or to any Governmental Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistently with past practice). There are no unwritten policies or customs that, by extension, could entitle employees of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company to benefits in addition to those to which they are entitled pursuant to applicable Law (including unwritten customs concerning the payment of statutory severance pay when it is not legally required). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged any consultants, sub-contractors or freelancers who, according to applicable Law, would be entitled to the rights of an employee with respect to the Company or such Subsidiary, including rights to severance pay, vacation, and other employee-related statutory benefits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations under COBRA (or similar Law) with respect to any former employees or qualifying beneficiaries thereunder, except for obligations that are not material in amount. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a conciliation agreement, consent decree or other agreement or order relating to employment matters with any Government Authority. There are no material controversies pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any of their respective employees or other service providers, which controversies have or have threatened to result in an action, arbitration, suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation before any Governmental Authority.
(c) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, complete and correct list as of the Closing Date of all severance Contracts, employment Contracts and Contracts providing for any Change in Control Payment to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. Except for the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to pay any amount or provide any benefit to any former employee or officer, other than obligations (i) for which Company has established a reserve for such amount on the Balance Sheet and (ii) pursuant to Contracts entered into after the date of the Balance Sheet and disclosed in of the Disclosure Schedule.
Schedule 3.16(c)
Schedule 3.16(c)
(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement or other labor union Contract (including any Contract or agreement with any works council, trade union, or other labor-relations entity) with respect to any employee or other service provider, and no such collective bargaining agreement other union Contract is being negotiated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no pending demand for recognition or any other request or demand from a labor organization for representative status with respect to any employee or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no current activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no
 
labor dispute, strike or work stoppage against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened which may interfere with the respective business activities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not entitle any Person (including any works council, trade union or other labor-relations entity) to any payments under any Labor Agreement or require the Company or any Seller to consult with, provide notice to, or obtain the consent or opinion of, any union, works council, or similar labor relations entity. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective representatives or employees, has committed any material unfair labor practice in connection with the operation of the respective businesses of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and there is no charge or complaint against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by the National Labor Relations Board or any comparable Governmental Authority pending or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened.
(e) The Company has made available to Parent a true, complete and correct list of the names, positions and rates of compensation of all current officers, directors, and employees of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, showing each such person's name, position, place of employment, date of hire, annual remuneration (including commission and bonus opportunity), status as exempt/non-exempt and fringe benefits for the current fiscal year.
(f) The Company has made available to Parent a true, complete and correct list of all of its consultants, advisory board members, seconded workers, and independent contractors since January 1, 2009, who have received compensation from the Company of $20,000 or more and for each the initial hire date or date of the engagement, a description of the remuneration arrangements applicable to each, a brief description of the services provided, the specific entity for whom they provide services, and whether the engagement has been terminated by either party, including the effective date of such termination.
(g) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with the Worker Adjustment Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended (""), or any similar state or local Law. In the past year, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has effectuated a "plant closing" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities or operating units within any site of employment or facility of its business, (ii) there has not occurred a "mass layoff" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been affected by any transaction or engaged in layoffs or employment terminations sufficient in number, including as aggregated, to trigger application of any similar state, local or foreign Law or regulation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has caused any of its respective employees to suffer an "employment loss" (as defined in the WARN Act) during the 90 day period prior to the Closing Date. No termination prior to the Closing would trigger any notice or other obligations under the WARN Act or similar state, local or foreign Law.
WARN Act
(h) The Company has made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all election statements under Section 83(b) of the Code that are in the Company's possession or subject to its control with respect to any unvested securities or other property issued by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any of their respective employees, non-employee directors, consultants and other service providers.
 
3.17 . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has applied for or received any financial assistance from any supranational, national, local or foreign authority or government agency.
Government Funding
3.18 .  of the Disclosure Schedule contains a true, complete and correct list as of the date hereof of all insurance policies maintained by or on behalf of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries. Such list includes the type of policy, form of coverage, policy number and insurer, coverage dates, named insured, limit of liability. True, complete and correct copies of each listed policy have been made available to Parent. Such policies are in full force and effect and each of its Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with the provisions of such policies.
Insurance
Schedule 3.18
3.19 . There is no (a) Action pending, or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of the assets or properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby, (b) governmental inquiry or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective assets or properties (including any inquiry as to the qualification of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to hold or receive any license or Permit) or (c) to the Knowledge of the Company, any Actions pending or threatened against any Related Party in connection with the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority known to or served upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. There is no Action by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending, threatened or contemplated against any other Person.
Litigation
3.20 .
Compliance with Laws; Permits
(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with, and has complied in all material respects with, and as of the date of this Agreement has not received any written notices of violation with respect to, any Law with respect to the conduct of its business, or the ownership or operation of its business (including the keeping of all required registers and timely filing or delivery of all required documents under the provisions of any applicable Law). To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is under investigation with respect to, has been threatened to be charged with, nor has been given notice of, any violation of any Law.
(b) All Permits (i) pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries currently operates or holds any interest in their respective assets or properties, or (ii) which are required for the operation of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or the holding of any such interest, has been issued or granted to the Company or such Subsidiary, and all such Permits are in full force and effect and constitute all Permits required to permit the Company or such Subsidiary to operate or conduct its business as it is currently conducted and hold any interest in its properties or assets.
(c) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted its export transactions in accordance with applicable provisions of the U.S. export control laws and regulations.
(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or other
 
Person associated with or acting on their behalf) has, directly or indirectly, taken any action which would cause it to be in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any rules or regulations thereunder, used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other similar unlawful payment.
3.21 .
Environmental Matters
(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is and has been in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all material respects.
(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice of any noncompliance of its past or present operations with Environmental Laws.
(c) No notices, administrative actions or suits are pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened relating to an actual or alleged violation of any applicable Environmental Law by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) disposed of, emitted, discharged, handled, stored, transported, used or released any Hazardous Substances; (ii) distributed, sold or otherwise placed on the market Hazardous Substances or any product containing Hazardous Substances; (iii) arranged for the disposal, discharge, storage or release of any Hazardous Substances; or (iv) exposed any employee or other individual to any Hazardous Substances so as to give rise to any liability or corrective or remedial obligation under any Environmental Law.
(e) Except in compliance with Environmental Laws and in a manner that would not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to liability, no Hazardous Substances are present in, on or under any property, including the land and the improvements, ground water and surface water thereof, that the Company or its Subsidiaries has at any time ever owned, operated, occupied or leased.
(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have, nor are they required to have, any Permit, for their Hazardous Substance Activities.
(g) To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no underground storage tanks located on, asbestos containing materials located at, or any polychlorinated biphenyls ("") or PCB-containing equipment used or stored on any site owned, leased or otherwise used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
PCBs
(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into any agreement that may require it to guarantee, reimburse, pledge, defend, hold harmless or indemnify any other party with respect to liabilities arising out of any Environmental Law or the Hazardous Substance Activities of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any other Person.
(i) The Company has made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of all material environmental records, reports, notifications, permits, correspondence, engineering studies and environmental studies or assessments in the possession or control of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its representatives or advisors.
 
3.22 .  of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, complete and correct list of the name and location of each bank, brokerage or investment firm, savings and loan or similar financial institution in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has an account or a safe deposit box or other arrangement, and the names of all Persons authorized to draw on or who have access to such account or safe deposit box or such other arrangement. If requested by Parent, on or prior to the Closing Date, the Company will have provided Parent with the account numbers and on-line access to all such accounts. Except as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, there are no outstanding powers of attorney executed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
Banking Relationships
Schedule 3.22
Schedule 3.22
3.23 . The Company has made available to Parent or its counsel true, complete and correct copies of (a) all documents identified on the Disclosure Schedule, (b) the minute books containing records of all proceedings, consents, actions and meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries, committees thereof and stockholders of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, (c) the stock ledger, journal and other records reflecting all stock issuances and transfers and all stock option and warrant grants and agreements of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and (d) Permits, orders and consents issued by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, or any securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and all applications for such Permits, orders and consents. The minute books of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries made available to Parent contain a true, complete and correct summary of all meetings of directors and stockholders or actions by written consent since the time of incorporation of the Company or the respective Subsidiary through the date of this Agreement, and reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes accurately in all material respects. The books, records and accounts of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) are true, complete and correct in all material respects, (ii) have been maintained in accordance with reasonable business practices on a basis consistent with prior years, and (iii) are stated in reasonable detail and accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets and properties of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries.
Books and Records
3.24 . All negotiations relating to this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been carried on without the intervention of any Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Affiliates in such manner as to give rise to any valid claim against the Company or Parent for any investment banker, brokerage or finder's commission, fee or similar compensation.
Brokers and Finders
3.25 . No "business combination," "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other similar anti-takeover statute or regulation or anti-takeover provision in the Company Organizational Documents is applicable to the Company, any shares of Company Capital Stock or other Company Securities, this Agreement, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Anti-Takeover Statute Not Applicable
3.26 . None of the officers and directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Employees or Company Securityholders, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any immediate family member of an officer, director, Employee or Company Securityholder, has any direct or indirect ownership, participation, royalty or other interest in, or is an officer, director, employee of or consultant or contractor for any firm, partnership, entity or corporation that competes with, or does business with, or has any contractual arrangement with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except with respect to any interest in less than 5% of the stock of any corporation whose stock is publicly traded). None of such officers, directors, Employees or Company Securityholders or immediate family members is a party to or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 
otherwise directly or indirectly interested in, any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets or properties may be bound or affected, other than normal employment, compensation and benefit arrangements for services as an officer, director or employee thereof. To the Knowledge of the Company, none of such officers, directors, Employees, Company Securityholders or immediate family members has any interest in any property, real or personal, tangible or intangible (including any Intellectual Property) that is used in, or that relates to, the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except for the rights of stockholders under applicable Law.
3.27 . To the Knowledge of the Company, neither this Agreement nor any Exhibit or Schedule hereto (including the Disclosure Schedule) contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and taken as a whole, not misleading. There is no fact that the Company has not disclosed to Parent in writing and of which the Company has Knowledge that would or is reasonably likely to cause a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Disclosures
Parent and Merger Sub hereby represent and warrant to the Company, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as if such representations and warranties were made at and as of the Closing Date (except for such representations and warranties as are made only as of a specific date, which shall be made only as of such date), as follows:
4.1 . Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in violation of any of the provisions of its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, except as would not have a material adverse effect on the ability of Parent to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Organization and Good Standing
4.2 . Parent and Merger Sub have all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub pursuant hereto and to perform their obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub pursuant hereto and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub. The Board of Directors of each of Parent and Merger Sub has unanimously determined that this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby are desirable and in the best interests of Parent, Merger Sub and their respective stockholders, respectively, has unanimously approved this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement or any certificate or other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent or Merger Sub pursuant hereto or to consummate the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. None of such actions by the Board of Directors of Parent or Merger Sub has been amended, rescinded or modified. Each of this Agreement, the
Authority; Enforceability
 
Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent or Merger Sub pursuant hereto has been (or will be) duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent or Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company and the Representative, constitutes (or will constitute) a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors, and to general equity principles.
4.3 . The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate and other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub pursuant hereto, the compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement and each certificate or other instrument required to be executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub pursuant hereto and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, will not (a) conflict with or violate the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent or Merger Sub, (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify or cancel, or require any notice, consent or waiver under, or result in the loss of any benefit to which Parent or Merger Sub is entitled under, any Contract, Permit, Security Interest or other interest to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent, Merger Sub is bound or to which its assets are subject, (c) result in the creation or imposition of any Security Interest upon any assets of Parent or Merger Sub, or (d) violate any Law applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties or assets.
No Conflicts
4.4 . No Consent of any Governmental Authority is required on the part of Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement or the consummation of the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except for (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (ii) filings required under, and compliance with any other applicable requirements of, the HSR Act and any applicable foreign Antitrust Laws, and (iii) such other consents, authorizations, filings, approvals, notices and registrations which, if not obtained or made, would not prevent, materially alter or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Governmental Filings and Consents
4.5 . On the Closing Date, Parent will have sufficient funds to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration payable in respect of shares of Company Capital Stock in the Merger pursuant to this Agreement.
Funds
During the time period from the date hereof until the earlier to occur of (i) the Effective Time or (ii) the valid termination of this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of , the Company covenants and agrees with Parent as follows:
Section 9.1
5.1 .
Conduct of Business of the Company
(a) Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, or as Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, the Company shall operate its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted, pay its debts and Taxes when due, pay or perform its other
Schedule 5.1(a)
 
obligations when due (subject to the right of Parent to review and approve any Tax Returns in accordance with this Agreement), and, to the extent not inconsistent with such business, use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its present business organizations, keep available the services of its present officers and key employees and preserve its relationships with its customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others having business dealings with it.
(b) Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth in of the Disclosure Schedule, or as Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, the Company shall not (and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to):
Schedule 5.1(b)
(i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any Company Capital Stock, or split, combine or reclassify any Company Capital Stock, or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of Company Capital Stock;
(ii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of Company Capital Stock (or options, warrants or other rights exercisable therefor) other than pursuant to the terms of any Stock Restriction Agreement;
(iii) issue, grant, deliver or sell any shares of Company Capital Stock or any securities convertible into, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire, or other agreements or commitments of any kind or character obligating it to issue, grant, deliver or sell any such shares or other convertible securities convertible into Company Capital Stock, in each case other than the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company Options or the conversion of shares of Company Preferred Stock or the issuance of shares of Company Capital Stock upon the exercise of Company Warrants outstanding as of the date of this Agreement;
(iv) cause or permit any amendments to its Charter, Bylaws or other equivalent organizational documents;
(v) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any assets or equity securities of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's businesses;
(vi) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets, including the sale of any accounts receivable of the Company or grant or otherwise create or consent to the creation of any easement, covenant, restriction, assessment or charge affecting any owned property or leased property or any part thereof;
(vii) convey, assign, sublease, license or otherwise transfer all or any portion of any owned property or leased property or any interest or rights therein;
(viii) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;
(ix) pay any Indebtedness (other than (A) as expressly required by and in compliance with the required payment terms thereof and (B) the payment of trade debt in the ordinary course of business);
 
(x) incur any Indebtedness (other than trade payables in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or guarantee any Indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or guarantee any debt securities or other obligations of others;
(xi) make any expenditure or enter into any commitment or transaction exceeding $100,000 (other than the payment of rent, payroll or payments pursuant to scheduled debt payments, payments for capital assets for which purchase orders have been issued prior to the date hereof and interest obligations on Company Debt in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice);
(xii) (A) sell, license or transfer to any Person any rights to any Company Intellectual Property or enter into any agreement with respect to any Company Intellectual Property with any Person or with respect to any Intellectual Property of any Person (except for license agreements with customers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice), (B) buy or license any Intellectual Property or enter into any agreement with respect to the Intellectual Property of any Person, (C) enter into any agreement with respect to the development of any Intellectual Property with a third party, (D) or change pricing or royalties charged by the Company to its customers or licensees under existing Contracts, or the pricing or royalties set or charged by Persons who have licensed Intellectual Property to the Company, in either case, where such changes would survive the Closing;
(xiii) terminate or extend, or materially amend, waive, modify, or violate the terms of, any Contract disclosed on the Disclosure Schedule (or agree to do so), or enter into any Contract that would have been required to have been disclosed in , or of the Disclosure Schedule had such Contract been entered into prior to the date hereof (except for renewal or extension of agreements with customers in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice);
Schedule 3.12(c)
Schedule 3.13(i)
Schedule 3.14(a)
(xiv) engage in or enter into any transaction or commitment, or relinquish any material right, outside the ordinary course of the Company's business consistent with past practice;
(xv) enter into or materially amend, waive or modify the terms of any Contract pursuant to which any other party is granted marketing, distribution, development or similar rights of any type or scope with respect to any Company Product or Technology of the Company or its Subsidiaries;
(xvi) commence or settle any litigation, other than to enforce its rights under this Agreement;
(xvii) grant any loans to others (other than advances to employees for travel and business expenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) or purchase debt securities of others or amend the terms of any outstanding loan agreement;
(xviii) revalue any of its assets (whether tangible or intangible), including writing off notes or accounts receivable, settle, discount or compromise any accounts receivable, or reverse any reserves other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;
(xix) pay, discharge or satisfy, in an amount in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate, any claim, liability, loan or obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business of liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Balance Sheet;
 
(xx) make or change any material Tax election, adopt or change any Tax accounting method, enter into any closing agreement in respect of Taxes, settle any claim or assessment relating to Taxes, consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment relating to Taxes, or file or amend any income or other material Tax Return unless such Tax Return or amended Tax Return has been provided to Parent for review within a reasonable period prior to the due date for filing and Parent has consented to such filing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld;
(xxi) enter into or amend any licensing, distribution, joint venture, strategic alliance or joint marketing or any similar arrangement or agreement;
(xxii) change its accounting policies or procedures, including with respect to reserves for doubtful accounts, or payment or collection policies or practices;
(xxiii) engage in any purchase or sale of any interest in real property, grant any Security Interest in any real property, agree to lease, sublease, license or otherwise occupy any real property, or alter, amend, modify, violate or terminate any of the terms of any Real Property Lease; , , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may terminate that certain Virtual Office Agreement between Abbey Business Centres Limited and the Company's United Kingdom Subsidiary dated July 6, 2009 on the terms specified in that certain termination letter submitted to Abbey Business Centres Limited by the Company, dated December 16, 2010 without Parent's consent;
provided
however
(xxiv) hire, offer to hire or terminate any employees, or encourage any employees to resign from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case other than as contemplated by this Agreement;
(xxv) grant any severance or termination pay (in cash or otherwise) to any Employee, including any officer, except payments made pursuant to standard written agreements outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule;
(xxvi) adopt or amend any Company Employee Plan, enter into any Employee Agreement, pay or agree to pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any director or Employee, or increase or agree to increase the salaries, wage rates, or other compensation or benefits of any Employee, except payments made pursuant to written agreements outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule;
(xxvii) except as provided in , accelerate the vesting or exercisability of any Company Options or Unvested Company Capital Stock;
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)(1)
(xxviii) engage in or enter into any material transaction or commitment, or relinquish any material right, outside the ordinary course of the Company's business consistent with past practice; or
(xxix) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, or propose to take, any of the actions described in through , inclusive, or any other action that would (A) cause or result in any of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth herein to be untrue or incorrect, (B) prevent or materially hinder the Company from performing its covenants hereunder or consummating the Merger or any other transaction contemplated hereby, or (C) delay the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated hereby.
Section 5.1(b)(i)
Section 5.1(b)(xxviii)
 
(c) If the Company (including any of its Subsidiaries) desires to take or not take any action that would require the written consent of Parent pursuant to or, prior to taking or not taking such action, the Company may request such written consent by sending an email or fax to each of the individuals set forth in , and the Company may not take or refrain from taking such action until such consent in writing (which may be by email or fax) has been received from one of the individuals in .
Sections 5.1(a)
5.1(b)
Schedule 5.1(c)
Schedule 5.1(c)
(d) Parent acknowledges and agrees that: (i) nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the Company's or its Subsidiaries' operations prior to the Effective Time, (ii) prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its and its Subsidiaries' respective operations, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, no consent of Parent shall be required with respect to any matter set forth in or elsewhere in this Agreement to the extent that the requirement of such consent would, upon advice of the Company's counsel, violate any applicable law.
Section 5.1
5.2 .
No Solicitation
(a) The Company will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted prior to or on the date of this Agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the term "" shall mean any inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest (other than this Agreement or any other inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest by Parent), or any public announcement of intention to make any inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest (including any request for information from the Company or the Company Representatives), contemplating, relating to or otherwise involving in any way (i) any acquisition of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates, whether effected pursuant to a tender or exchange offer, purchase of stock or assets, merger, consolidation or other form of transaction; (ii) any merger, consolidation or other similar transaction with or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates as a result of which the Company Stockholders, as a group, immediately prior to such transaction would own less than 80% of the voting equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction immediately after the consummation thereof; (iii) any sale by the Company of any stock or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates (other than the issuance of shares of Company Capital Stock in connection with the exercise or conversion of convertible securities outstanding as of the date hereof or the sale of assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice); or (iv) any joint venture or other strategic investment in or involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or controlled Affiliates.
Acquisition Proposal
(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will, nor will any of them authorize or permit any of their respective directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them (all of the foregoing collectively being the "") to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, seek, knowingly encourage, or induce (or assist in or cooperate with any Person in) the making, submission or announcement of any inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into, participate in, maintain or continue any discussions, communications or negotiations regarding any inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, or otherwise take any action to facilitate or support any inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to,
Company Representatives
 
an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) agree to, accept, approve, endorse or recommend (or publicly propose or announce any intention or desire to agree to, accept, approve, endorse or recommend) inquiry, offer, proposal or indication of interest that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal, (iv) enter into any letter of intent, binding or nonbinding term sheet or any other Contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal, (v) submit any Acquisition Proposal to the vote of any holders of Company Capital Stock, (vi) consummate or otherwise effect a transaction providing for any transaction contemplated by an Acquisition Proposal, or (vii) disclose or make available any information not customarily disclosed to any Person concerning the Company's businesses, properties, assets or technologies, or afford to any Person access to its properties, technologies, books or records.
(c) The Company shall immediately notify Parent orally and in writing after receipt by the Company and/or any Company Representatives of (i) any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) any inquiry, proposal, offer or indication of interest that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (iii) any other notice that any Person is considering making an Acquisition Proposal, or (iv) any request for information by any Person or Persons (other than Parent) not customarily disclosed to any Person concerning the Company's businesses, properties, assets or technologies. Such notice shall, to the extent permitted under existing non-disclosure agreements (it being understood that the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the counterparty to such non-disclosure agreement to waive compliance therewith in respect of the Company's obligations pursuant to this ), describe (A) the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or indication of interest notice or request, and (B) the identity of the Person or Group (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder) making any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer, or indication of interest notice or request. The Company shall keep Parent fully informed of the status and details of, and any modification to, any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or indication of interest notice or request and any correspondence or communications related thereto and shall provide to Parent a true, complete and correct copy of such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or indication of interest notice or request and any amendments, correspondence and communications related thereto, if it is in writing, or a reasonable written summary thereof, if it is not in writing. The Company shall provide Parent with 72 hours prior notice (or such lesser prior notice as is provided to the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) of any meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company at which the Board of Directors of the Company is reasonably expected to discuss any Acquisition Proposal.
Section 5.2(c)
(d) The Company shall be deemed to have breached the terms of this if any Company Representatives shall take any action, whether in his or her capacity as such or in any other capacity, that is prohibited by this . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that the provisions of this were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed by the parties hereto that Parent shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions (without proof of damages) to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of the provisions of this and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Parent may be entitled at law or in equity and the parties hereby agree to waive any requirements for posting a bond in connection with any such action.
Section 5.2
Section 5.2
Section 5.2
Section 5.2
 
6.1 .
Solicitation of Requisite Stockholder Approval; Joinder Agreements
(a) As soon as practicable following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall take all action necessary in accordance with this Agreement, Delaware Law, and the Company Organizational Documents to solicit a Stockholder Written Consent from each Company Stockholder. Promptly following the Company's receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, but in no event later than five (5) Business Days after Parent has approved such materials pursuant to this , the Company shall deliver to any Company Stockholder who has not executed a Stockholder Written Consent a notice of approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement by written consent of the Company Stockholders pursuant to the applicable provisions of the DGCL and the Company Organizational Documents, which notice shall constitute the notice to Company Stockholders required by Delaware Law that appraisal rights may be available to Company Stockholders in accordance with the DGCL.
Section 6.1
(b) Any materials to be submitted to the Company Stockholders in connection with the Company's solicitation of the Company Stockholders described above or notices with respect to appraisal rights (the "") shall be subject to review and approval by Parent and shall include information regarding the Company, the terms of the Merger, this Agreement and the unanimous recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. All Soliciting Materials shall include the unanimous recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company that all Company Stockholders consent to the adoption of this Agreement and approve the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Neither the Board of Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or propose to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, such unanimous recommendation at any time for any reason. The Company shall promptly advise Parent in writing if at any time prior to the Closing the Company shall become aware of any facts that might make it necessary or appropriate to amend or supplement the Soliciting Materials in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by reference therein not misleading or to comply with applicable Law. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, the Company shall not include in the Soliciting Materials any information with respect to Parent or its Affiliates which has not been consented to in writing by Parent prior to such inclusion except as required pursuant to applicable Law.
Soliciting Materials
(c) As soon as practicable following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall distribute a Joinder Agreement to each Company Securityholder, request that each such Company Securityholder execute a Joinder Agreement on or prior to the Closing Date and use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an executed Joinder Agreement from each such Company Securityholder on or prior to the Closing Date (it being understood and hereby agreed that the Company need not pay any amounts to any such Company Securityholder to obtain any such Joinder Agreement).
6.2 .
Solicitation of 280G Approval
(a) Promptly following the execution of this Agreement, but in no event later than three Business Days after the date Parent has approved such materials pursuant to , the Company shall obtain from each Person, if any, who might receive any payments and/or benefits subject to an excise tax under Section 280G of the Code in connection with the
Section 6.1
 
consummation of the Merger (a "") a duly executed waiver with respect to any payments and/or benefits, if any, that Parent determines may separately or in the aggregate constitute "parachute payments" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder) in the form to be agreed to by Parent and the Company (each, a ""), and (ii) submit to the Company Stockholders for approval (in a manner satisfactory to Parent) by such number of Company Stockholders as is required by the terms of Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code, any payments and/or benefits, if any, that Parent and Company together have determined may separately or in the aggregate, constitute "parachute payments" (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder), such that such payments and benefits shall not be deemed to be "parachute payments" under Section 280G of the Code, and, if applicable, prior to the Effective Time the Company shall deliver to Parent evidence satisfactory to Parent (x) that a vote of the Company Stockholders was solicited in conformance with Section 280G and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and, if applicable, the requisite Company Stockholder approval was obtained with respect to any payments and/or benefits that were subject to the Company Stockholder vote (the ""), or (y) that the 280G Approval was not obtained and as a consequence that such "parachute payments" shall not be made or provided, pursuant to the applicable 280G Waiver which were executed by the affected individuals on the date of this Agreement.
Potential 280G Benefit
280G Waiver
280G Approval
(b) Any materials to be submitted to the Company Stockholders in connection with the Company's solicitation of the 280G Approval (the "") shall be subject to review and approval by Parent. The Company will promptly advise Parent in writing if at any time prior to the Closing the Company shall become aware of any facts that might make it necessary or appropriate to amend or supplement the 280G Soliciting Materials in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by reference therein not misleading or to comply with applicable Law. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, the Company shall not include in the 280G Soliciting Materials any information with respect to Parent or its Affiliates or associates, the form and content of which shall not have been consented to in writing or electronically by Parent or its legal counsel prior to such inclusion, except as required pursuant to applicable Law.
280G Soliciting Materials
6.3 .
Reasonable Best Efforts to Complete; Third Party Consents
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to take promptly, or cause to be taken promptly, all actions, and to do promptly, or cause to be done promptly, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to satisfy the conditions set forth in and to remove any injunctions or other impediments or delays, legal or otherwise, in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for the purpose of securing to the parties hereto the benefits contemplated by this Agreement.
ARTICLE 7
(b) In furtherance and not in limitation of , the Company shall use its (i) reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary consents, waivers and approvals of any parties to the Contracts set forth in , , and and (ii) commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all other necessary consents, waivers and approvals of any parties to any other Contracts to which the Company is a party that are required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in order to ensure that all such Contracts remain in full force and effect from and after the Effective Time in accordance with their respective terms and to preserve all rights of, and benefits to, Parent and the Surviving Corporation under such Contracts from and after the Effective Time. All such consents,
Section 6.3(a)
Schedule 7.2(o)(i)
Schedule 7.2(o)(ii)
Schedule 7.2(o)(iii)
Schedule 7.2(o)(iv) 6.3(b)
 
waivers and approvals shall be in a form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent. In the event that the other parties to any such Contract, including any lessor or licensor of any Real Property Leases, conditions its grant of a consent, waiver or approval (including by threatening to exercise a "recapture" or other termination right) upon, or otherwise require in response to a notice or consent request relating to this Agreement, the payment of a consent fee, "profit sharing" payment or other consideration, including increased rent payments or other payments under the Contract or the provision of additional security (including a guaranty), the Company shall not make or commit to make any such payment or provide any such consideration without Parent's prior written consent; , , that the failure of Parent to provide such consent within a reasonable period after the Company's request therefor shall be deemed a waiver of the requirement to obtain such consent otherwise required pursuant to this .
provided
however
Section 6.3(b)
6.4 .
Regulatory Approvals
(a) In furtherance and not in limitation of the terms of , each of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries and Parent shall promptly execute and file, or join in the execution and filing of, any application, notification or other document that may be necessary in order to obtain the authorization, approval or consent of any Governmental Authority, whether federal, state, local or foreign, that may be reasonably required, or that Parent may reasonably request, in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain all such authorizations, approvals and consents. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each of the Company and Parent shall promptly inform the other of any material communication between the Company or Parent (as applicable) and any Governmental Authority regarding the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Company or Parent or any Affiliate thereof shall receive any formal or informal request for supplemental information or documentary material from any Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, then the Company or Parent (as applicable) shall make, or cause to be made, as soon as reasonably practicable, a response in compliance with such request; , , that the Company or Parent (as applicable) shall provide the other with a reasonable opportunity to review such response prior to submission. Each of the Company and Parent shall direct, in its sole discretion, the making of such response, but shall consider in good faith the views of the other.
Section 6.3
provided
however
(b) Without limiting the generality or effect of , each of the Company and Parent shall, as soon as practicable, make any initial filings required under the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the parties hereto shall consult and cooperate with one another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection with any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions and proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of any party hereto in connection with proceedings under or relating to any Antitrust Laws. Each of the Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to take such actions as may be required to cause the expiration of the notice periods under any applicable Antitrust Laws with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as possible after the execution of this Agreement.
Section 6.4(a)
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, it is expressly understood and agreed that (x) neither Parent nor the Company shall have any obligation to litigate any administrative or judicial action or proceeding that may be brought in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (y) Parent shall not be required to (i) agree to any license, sale or other disposition or holding separate (through the establishment of a trust or otherwise), of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or
 
property of Parent, or of the Company or its Affiliates, or the imposition of any limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such assets, properties and stock, or (ii) take any action under , this or any other provision of this Agreement if any Governmental Authority that has the authority to enforce any Antitrust Law seeks, or authorizes its staff to seek, a preliminary injunction or restraining order to enjoin consummation of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
Section 6.3
Section 6.4
6.5 .
Notification of Certain Matters
(a) The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event that would reasonably be expected to cause any representation or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at or prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) any failure of the Company to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in or would not be satisfied.
Sections 7.2(a)
7.2(b)
(b) Parent shall give prompt notice to the Company of (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event that would cause any representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at or prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) any failure of Parent or Merger Sub to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder, in either case, such that the conditions set forth in or would not be satisfied.
Sections 7.3(a)
7.3(b)
(c) The delivery of any notice pursuant to this shall not (i) limit or otherwise affect any remedies otherwise available to Parent or the Company, as applicable, or (ii) constitute an acknowledgment or admission of a breach of this Agreement. No disclosure by the Company pursuant to this shall affect or be deemed to modify, amend or supplement any representation or warranty set forth herein, the Disclosure Schedule or the conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, or limit any right to indemnification provided herein.
Section 6.5
Section 6.5
6.6 . During the period from the date hereof and prior to the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable Law (it being understood and agreed that the parties shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause any information that is withheld pursuant to applicable Law to be provided or made available in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable Law), the Company shall afford Parent and its accountants, counsel and other representatives, reasonable access during the Company's normal business hours to (i) all of the Company's assets, properties, books, Contracts, commitments and records, (ii) all other information concerning the business, properties and employees (subject to restrictions imposed by applicable Law) of the Company as Parent may reasonably request, including the Company's source code, and (iii) all employees of the Company as identified by Parent. The Company shall provide to Parent and its accountants, counsel and other representatives copies of internal financial statements (including Tax Returns and supporting documentation) promptly upon request. The Company shall provide access to and facilitate meetings with the customers of the Company identified by Parent and shall full give Parent access to the Company's technical information, including the ability to conduct a thorough architectural review of the Company's current code base and any planned future releases.
Access to Information
 
6.7 .
Confidentiality
(a) The parties acknowledge and agree that the existence of this Agreement, the Disclosure Schedule, the Escrow Agreement and the documents and instruments contemplated hereby and thereby, the terms and conditions hereof and thereof, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, shall constitute "Confidential Information" under and within the meaning of the Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2009, as amended as of August 25, 2010 and as further amended as of December 23, 2010, by and between the Company and Parent (the "").
Non-Disclosure Agreement
(b) Unless otherwise required by applicable Law, the Representative agrees that it (and its legal, financial, accounting and other representatives) shall hold in confidence all non-public information regarding Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, any Company Securityholders, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms of the Non-Disclosure Agreement as if the Representative were a party thereto. Notwithstanding the terms of the Non-Disclosure Agreement, the Representative may share information with the Indemnifying Parties following the Effective Time in connection with its role as the Representative, so long as each such Indemnifying Party is obligated to keep such information confidential.
6.8 . Neither the Company nor the Company Stockholders shall (nor will they permit, as applicable, any of their respective officers, directors, partners, members, stockholders, agents, representatives or Affiliates to), directly or indirectly, issue any statement or communication to any third party (other than its agents that are bound by confidentiality restrictions and other than communications with Company Stockholders and third parties to obtain the consents and approvals required under this Agreement and applicable Law) regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including, if applicable, the termination of this Agreement and the reasons therefor or any disputes or arbitration proceedings, without the prior written consent of Parent. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary in this or , following the Closing the Representative shall be permitted to publicly announce that it has been engaged to serve as the Representative in connection with the Merger as long as such announcement does not disclose any of the other terms of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated herein. Prior to the Closing, Parent shall not issue any statement or communication to any third party (other than its agents that are bound by confidentiality restrictions) regarding the subject matter of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including, if applicable, the termination of this Agreement and the reasons therefor or any disputes or arbitration proceedings, without the prior written consent of the Company, except that this restriction shall be subject to Parent's obligation to comply with applicable securities laws and the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this shall not prevent Parent from issuing any statement or communication that is reasonably necessary in response to an inquiry by or a public statement or announcement made by any third party with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Public Announcements
Section 6.8
Section 6.7(b)
Section 6.7
6.9 .
Payment Spreadsheet
(a) At least 10 Business Days prior to the scheduled Closing Date, the Company shall prepare a draft payment spreadsheet in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent and the Paying Agent (the ""), which shall set forth the following information as of the Closing:
Payment Spreadsheet
 
(i) The calculation of "Merger Consideration", including a separate line item for each adjustment thereto in accordance with the definition of "Merger Consideration" hereunder;
(ii) A calculation of the "Per Share Merger Consideration" in accordance with the definition of "Per Share Merger Consideration" hereunder;
(iii) A calculation of the "Escrow Percentage" and "Unvested Escrow Adjustment;"
(iv) With respect to each Company Stockholder other than Company Stockholders who hold Unvested Company Capital Stock only, (1) such Person's address, (2) the number, class and series of Company Capital Stock (other than shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock) held by such Person, (3) the respective certificate number(s) representing such shares, (4) if acquired on or after January 1, 2011, the respective date(s) of acquisition of such shares and such Person's basis in such shares, (5) the portion of the Closing Payment Fund to be paid to such Company Stockholder at the Closing in respect of such shares, (6) such Company Stockholder's Pro Rata Share of the Vested Escrow Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (7) such Company Stockholder's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (8) the identification of any shares that were eligible for an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, including the date of issuance of such shares, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, whether such election under Section 83(b) of the Code was timely made, (9) the identification of any shares that were purchased upon exercise of an incentive stock option that was exercised within twelve months prior to the Effective Time and the ordinary income recapture amounts required to be reported to any Taxing Authority in connection therewith, and (10) such other relevant information that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably request;
(v) With respect to each holder of Unvested Company Capital Stock, (1) such Person's address, (2) the number of shares of Unvested Company Capital Stock held by such Person, (3) the respective certificate number(s) representing such shares, (4) if acquired on or after January 1, 2011, the respective date(s) of acquisition of such shares and such Person's basis in such shares, (5) the vesting arrangement(s) with respect to such shares, (6) the identification of any shares eligible for an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, including the date of issuance of such shares, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, whether such election under Section 83(b) of the Code was timely made, (7) with respect to such shares held by Continuing Employees, the amount of cash to be retained and placed into the Continuing Employee Pool (including such Person's Unvested Escrow Amount, a listing of the number of such shares that will vest each month following the Closing Date, the day of the month on which such vesting will occur and the payments owed to such holder in each quarter following the Closing Date (assuming, in each case, that all other vesting obligations are otherwise satisfied)), (8) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Unvested Escrow Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (9) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, and (10) such other relevant information that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably request;
(vi) With respect to each holder of a Company Option, (1) such Person's address, (2) the number of shares of Company Capital Stock underlying each Company Option held by such Person, (3) the respective exercise price per share of such Company Option, (4) the respective grant date(s) of such Company Option, (5) the respective vesting arrangement(s) with respect to any Unvested Company Options, (6) whether the holder of such Company Option is a Continuing Employee, (7) whether such Company Option is an incentive stock option or a
 
non-qualified stock option, (8) in the case of Vested Company Options, the portion of the Closing Payment Fund to be paid to the holder at Closing, and in the case of Unvested Company Options held by Continuing Employees, the amount of cash to be retained and placed into the Continuing Employee Pool (including such Person's Unvested Escrow Amount, a listing of the number of shares that will vest each month following the Closing Date, the day of the month on which such vesting will occur and the payments owed to such holder in each quarter following the Closing Date (assuming, in each case, that all other vesting obligations are otherwise satisfied)), (9) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Vested Escrow Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (10) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, and (11) such other relevant information that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably request;
(vii) With respect to the holder of the Company Warrants that will be cashed out in connection with the Closing, (1) such Person's address, (2) the number and class and series of shares of Company Capital Stock underlying each Company Warrant held by such Person, (3) the respective exercise price per share of such Company Warrant, (4) the date of issuance of each Company Warrant, (5) such Person's basis (as provided by such Person) in the shares of Company Capital Stock issuable with respect to each such Company Warrant), (6) the portion of the Closing Payment Fund to be paid to the holder at Closing, (7) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Vested Escrow Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (8) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, and (9) such other relevant information that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably request; and
(viii) With respect to each Continuing Employee who is a party to a Company Option Commitment Letter, (1) such Person's address, (2) the number of shares of Company Capital Stock underlying each Company Option Commitment held by such Person, (3) the respective deemed exercise price per share of such Company Option Commitment, (4) the respective intended grant date(s) of such Company Option Commitment, (5) the respective vesting arrangement(s) with respect to such Company Option Commitment, (6) the amount of cash to be retained and placed into the Company Option Commitment Pool (including such Person's Unvested Escrow Amount, a listing of the number of shares that will vest each month following the Closing Date, the day of the month on which such vesting will occur and the payments owed to such holder in each quarter following the Closing Date (assuming, in each case, that all other vesting obligations are otherwise satisfied)), (7) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Unvested Escrow Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, (8) such Person's Pro Rata Share of the Representative Expense Amount expressed as a percentage and a Dollar amount, and (9) such other relevant information that Parent or the Paying Agent may reasonably request.
(b) In the event that any information set forth in the Payment Spreadsheet becomes inaccurate at any time prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall deliver a revised Payment Spreadsheet, together with a new certification consistent with , whereupon such revised Payment Spreadsheet shall be deemed to be the "Payment Spreadsheet" for all purposes of and under this Agreement.
Section 6.9(a)
(c) The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Paying Agent, Escrow Agent and Parent and its agents shall be entitled to rely on the Payment Spreadsheet for purposes of making any payments hereunder.
 
(d) At least three Business Days prior to the scheduled Closing Date, the Company shall prepare a final copy of the Payment Spreadsheet, certified as true, complete and correct by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
6.10 . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, (i) all fees, costs and expenses of Parent or Merger Sub incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including fees and expenses of financial advisors, financial sponsors, legal counsel and other advisors, shall be paid by Parent whether or not the Merger is consummated and (ii) all fees, costs and expenses of the Company, the Representative and the Company Securityholders incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including fees and expenses of financial advisors, financial sponsors, legal counsel and other advisors, shall be obligations of the Company Securityholders, which will either be paid by the Company prior to Closing or deducted from the Merger Consideration as set forth in this Agreement. All fees, costs and expenses of the Company identified herein shall be treated as Transaction Expenses under this Agreement, subject to reimbursement by a claim for indemnification pursuant to . Within five Business Days of (but in any event no later than three Business Days prior to) the Closing, the Company shall (x) prepare in good faith and deliver to Parent an estimate (the "") of all Transaction Expenses, and (y) use its reasonable best efforts to deliver to Parent a final invoice (collectively, the "") of all outstanding and unpaid fees, costs and expenses from each third party financial advisor, legal counsel, accountant, consultant or other agent or representative engaged by the Company in connection the transactions contemplated hereby.
Fees and Expenses
ARTICLE 8
Statement of Transaction Expenses
Final Invoices
6.11 .
Company Director and Officer Indemnification
(a) The Surviving Corporation shall fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the Company pursuant to (i) each indemnification agreement in effect between the Company and each person who is a director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof; , , that such indemnification agreements are set forth in the Disclosure Schedule and made available to Parent prior to the date hereof, and (ii) any indemnification provision under the Charter or Bylaws of the Company or equivalent organizational documents of any of its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date of this Agreement (each of the persons to be indemnified pursuant to the agreements and provisions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of this being referred to herein as a ""). The Charter and Bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall contain provisions with respect to indemnification and exculpation from liability that are substantially similar to those set forth in the Charter or Bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, respectively, as in effect on the date of this Agreement, which provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years after the Effective Time in any manner that would materially and adversely affect the rights thereunder of any Company Indemnified Party.
provided
however
Section 6.11
Company Indemnified Party
(b) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall, at its expense and on behalf of the Surviving Corporation, purchase a "tail" prepaid policy of directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage to take effect as of the Effective Time (which policy, for avoidance of doubt, shall be paid prior to the Effective Time and not be an accounts payable of the Company as of the Effective Time). From the Effective Time until the six year anniversary of the Effective Time, Parent shall not, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation not to, terminate such "tail" insurance policy and any other fully paid insurance policies of the Company with respect to directors' and officers' liability insurance in effect as of the Effective Time covering a Company Indemnified Party. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated
 
to make any payments in respect of any directors' and officers' liability insurance. Each Company Indemnified Person shall be a third party beneficiary of this .
Section 6.11
6.12 .
Employees; Change in Control Payments
(a) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each of the Employees (excluding the Key Employees) who is offered employment with Parent to become a Continuing Employee, each of whom shall have executed and delivered an employment offer letter and proprietary information and invention assignment agreement, each in a form acceptable to Parent and effective on the Closing Date (collectively, the ""). Each Continuing Employee shall be given credit for purposes of Parent's 401(k) plan, medical and dental plan, short-term disability plan, vacation, severance and service recognition awards (other than any awards of Parent's common stock) for the full period of their employment with the Company.
Continuing Employee Employment Agreements
(b) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall provide a notice of termination of employment to each of the Non-Continuing Employees, and, unless instructed otherwise by Parent in writing, a notice of termination of the consulting relationship to each of the Company's consultants. The Company shall obtain valid general release of claims and separation agreement, in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent, from each Non-Continuing Employee.
(c) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall pay all Change in Control Payments which will become payable at the Effective Time as a result of the Company entering into this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
(d) Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall pay all Employees for any accrued but unused vacation, sick-leave, compensatory or other paid time off such that immediately after the Effective Time, no Employee shall have any amounts outstanding in respect of such paid time off pursuant to any Company Employee Plan or otherwise.
(e) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall provide a Company Option Commitment Letter to each Continuing Employee to whom the Company had made a Company Option Commitment and each such Continuing Employee shall have executed a copy of such Company Option Commitment Letter.
6.13 . The Company shall cause each director and officer of the Company to execute a resignation and release letter in the form attached hereto as (the ""), effective as of the Effective Time.
Resignation of Officers and Directors
Exhibit G
Director and Officer Resignation and Release Letter
6.14 .
Equity Awards
(a) . Except as required by , the Company shall not exercise any discretion to accelerate the vesting of any outstanding Unvested Company Option or Unvested Company Capital Stock as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Upon the termination of employment, consulting or advisory services of a Non-Continuing Employee, the Company shall, prior to the Effective Time, take all necessary actions to cancel any Unvested Company Capital Stock held by such Non-Continuing Employee; , , that the Company shall repurchase, prior to the Effective Time, any Unvested Company Capital Stock held by such Non-Continuing Employee to the extent permitted by the terms and conditions of any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with the Company.
Unvested Company Options Awards and Unvested Company Capital Stock
Section 2.7(c)(ii)(B)(1)
provided
however
 
(b) . Before the Closing Date, the Company shall take all such actions as are necessary (including, to the extent necessary, obtaining written consents or waivers from the holders of Company Options) such that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company Option that is outstanding and unexercised shall be cancelled as of the Effective Time and entitled only to the benefits on and subject to the terms of .
Company Options
Section 2.7(c)
(c) . Before the Closing Date, the Company shall take all actions as are necessary such that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, each Company Warrant has been either (i) exercised by the holder of such Company Warrant in full or (ii) to the extent not exercised in full, terminated or cancelled as of immediately prior to the Closing, either pursuant to its terms or pursuant to an agreement with the holder thereof.
Company Warrants
6.15 . At the Closing, Parent shall adopt the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan and the Company Option Commitment Pool and shall establish and retain such pools for the benefit of the holders of the Company Unvested Options, Unvested Company Capital Stock and Company Option Commitments who are Continuing Employees, which will be governed, as applicable, by the terms and conditions of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan and the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan Agreement, or the Company Option Commitment Letter. For the avoidance of doubt, participation in either of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan or the Company Option Commitment Letters shall not alter the "at will" nature of any such Continuing Employee's employment with Parent following the Closing and, subject to any vested and unpaid payments required under the terms of the Continuing Employee Unvested Cash Plan or the Company Option Commitment Letter, as applicable, Parent shall have the right to terminate any such Continuing Employee at any time and for any or no reason. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that to the extent that any right to receive payments in respect of any Company Unvested Options, Unvested Company Capital Stock and Company Option Commitments is terminated (e.g., as a result of the termination of service) any amounts that remain unpaid at that time shall be forfeited and returned to Parent and shall not be returned to, and will no longer constitute a part of, the respective Employee Pool.
Continuing Employee Pools
6.16 . The Company shall deliver to Parent (a) not less than five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, an estimated consolidated balance sheet of the Company dated as of the anticipated date of the Closing and prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the period indicated and consistent with Financial Statements, which balance sheet shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to Parent (the ""), and (b) not less than one (1) Business Day prior to the Closing Date, a final consolidated balance sheet of the Company dated as of the Closing and prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the period indicated and consistent with Financial Statements, which balance sheet shall be in a form reasonably satisfactory to Parent (the "").
Closing Date Balance Sheet
Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet
Closing Date Balance Sheet
6.17 . The Company shall undertake and complete the requirements set forth in (the "").
Code Review
Schedule 6.17
Code Scrub Requirements
6.18 .
Tax Matters
(a) . The Company will cause to be prepared and timely filed all Tax Returns of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries required to be filed on or after the date of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date. Such Tax Returns shall be prepared in accordance with applicable Law and in a manner consistent with prior practice (unless otherwise required by applicable Law), shall be provided to Parent for review not later than
Tax Returns Filed Before the Closing Date
 
15 days prior to the due date for filing, shall be revised to reflect Parent's reasonable comments, and shall not be filed without Parent's approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
(b) . Parent will cause to be prepared and timely filed all Tax Returns of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries required to be filed on or after the Closing Date. With respect to any such Tax Return for any Pre-Closing Tax Period, including any Straddle Period (a ""), if such Pre-Closing Tax Return reflects Taxes for which Parent will seek indemnification pursuant to , then not later than 20 days prior to the due date for the filing of such Pre-Closing Tax Return (or, if such due date is within 45 days following the Closing Date, as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date), Parent shall provide the Representative with a copy of any such Tax Return that reflects only operations and Taxes relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or a pro forma Tax Return reflecting only such operations and Taxes. Parent shall not be entitled to indemnification for Taxes pursuant to if the Damages stem from (i) taking a position on a Pre-Closing Tax Return that is not consistent with prior practice (unless required by applicable Law) or (ii) making an election made under Section 338(g) of the Code in connection with the Merger. Neither Parent nor the Company shall amend, modify or otherwise change any such Pre-Closing Tax Return after filing without the prior consent of the Representative if such amendment, modification or change could give rise to an indemnification claim for Taxes under , which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
Tax Returns Filed On or After the Closing Date
Pre-Closing Tax Return
ARTICLE 8
ARTICLE 8
ARTICLE 8
(c) . The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return for the affiliated group (within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) that includes Parent, the Company and its Subsidiaries will be filed for periods starting after the Closing Date. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, as a consequence of the transactions contemplated hereby, (i) the taxable year of the Company shall close for U.S. federal income tax purposes at the end of the day on the Closing Date, (ii) to the extent that applicable Law in other taxing jurisdictions so permits, the taxable year of the Company shall close for income Tax purposes at the end of the day on the Closing Date, and (iii) all U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income Tax Returns shall be filed consistently on the foregoing basis.
Consolidation Matters
(d) . In connection with the preparation of Tax Returns, audit examinations, and any proceedings relating to the Tax liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for which an indemnification claim could be made pursuant to , Parent and the Company, on the one hand, and the Representative and the Company Securityholders, on the other hand, shall cooperate fully with each other, including by furnishing or making available during normal business hours the records, personnel (as reasonably required), books of account, powers of attorney or other materials necessary or helpful for the preparation of such Tax Returns, the conduct of audit examinations or the defense of claims relating to such Taxes.
Cooperation; Audits
ARTICLE 8
(e) . Anything in any other agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall take all action necessary to cease and terminate any Tax allocation, sharing or indemnity agreement or arrangement (other than between the Company and any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) effective at the Effective Time, and all obligations thereunder shall terminate and no additional payments shall be made thereunder after the Effective Time, except with respect to any claims in effect as of such termination.
Termination of Tax Sharing Agreements
6.19 .
Further Assurances
 
(a) Each party hereto, at the request of another party hereto, shall execute and deliver such other certificates, instruments, agreements and other documents, and do and perform such other acts and things, as may be reasonably necessary or desirable for purposes of effecting completely the consummation of Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.
(b) In furtherance of the forgoing, prior to the Closing, the Company shall pay the issue fee for U.S. Patent Application No. 12/877,136, including any large issue fees.
7.1 . The respective obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Effective Time, of the following conditions:
Conditions to Obligations of Each Party
(a) . The Company shall have obtained the Requisite Stockholder Approval.
Requisite Stockholder Approval
(b) .
Requisite Governmental Approvals
(i) Any waiting period applicable to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement under the HSR Act and any other applicable Antitrust Laws shall have expired or been terminated early.
(ii) Parent and the Company shall have obtained all consents and approvals from all Governmental Authorities, and submitted all requisite filings and made all requisite notifications with all Governmental Authorities, in each case that Parent reasonably determines to be necessary or appropriate in order to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
(c) . No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law which is in effect and which has the effect of making the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibits or otherwise restrains the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
No Prohibitive Laws
(d) . No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other similar legal restraint shall be in effect that has the effect of making the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibits or otherwise restrains the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
No Prohibitive Injunctions or Orders
7.2 . The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by Parent:
Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub
(a) .
Representations and Warranties
(i) Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in (Organization and Good Standing), (Authority; Enforceability), and (Anti-Takeover Statute Not Applicable) (together, the "
Section 3.1
Section 3.2
Section 3.25
Specified Company
 
") (x) shall have been true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement, and (y) shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date (other than the representations and warranties set forth in the Specified Company Representations that address matters only as of a specified date, which need be true and correct in all respects only as of such date); and
Representations
(ii) Each of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement (other than the Specified Company Representations) and in any certificates or other instruments delivered by the Company hereunder (x) shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement, and (y) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date (other than any such representations and warranties that address matters only as of a specified date, which need be true and correct in all respects only as of such date).
(b) . The Company shall have performed and complied in all material respects with each of the covenants and obligations under this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by the Company prior to or as of the Closing.
Covenants
(c) . Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Company Material Adverse Effect.
No Company Material Adverse Effect
(d) . There shall be no legal action, suit, claim or proceeding of any kind or nature pending before any Governmental Authority (whether brought by a Governmental Authority) or threatened by any Governmental Authority or any other Person against Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, or any of their respective properties or any of their respective directors or officers (in their capacities as such) that (i) seeks to prohibit the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated hereby, (ii) seeks to impose limitations on the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) seeks to prohibit or impose any limitations on the ownership or operation by Parent of all or any portion of businesses or assets of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates, or to compel Parent, Merger Sub or the Company to dispose of or hold separate any portion of the businesses or assets of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates, or (iv) seeks to impose limitations on the ability of Parent or Merger Sub effectively to exercise full rights of ownership of all Company Capital Stock.
No Legal Proceedings or Threats
(e) . No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced, entered or deemed applicable to the Merger any Law, statute, rule, regulation, executive order or decree (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and which has the effect of (i) prohibiting Parent's ownership or operation of any portion of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) compelling Parent or the Company to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries, in either case in connection with the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
No Burdensome Regulatory Conditions
(f) .
New Employment Arrangements
(i) The Key Employee Employment Agreements executed and delivered on the date of this Agreement by each of the Key Employees listed in shall be in full force and effect.
Schedule 7.2(f)(i)
 
(ii) At least ninety percent (90%) of the Continuing Employees specified in shall have executed a Continuing Employee Employment Agreement and such agreements shall be in full force and effect.
Schedule 7.2(f)(ii)
(g) . The Non-Competition Agreements executed and delivered by each Key Stockholder listed in shall be in full force and effect as of the Closing and shall have a term as specified in , and no breaches, disputes or informal or formal repudiations by any Key Stockholder of his Non-Competition Agreement shall have occurred or be imminent or explicitly threatened.
Non-Competition Agreements
Schedule 7.2(g)
Schedule 7.2(g)
(h) . Parent shall have received the Director and Officer Resignation and Release Letter, effective as of the Closing, of each director and officer of the Company.
Resignation and Release of Directors and Officers
(i) . Parent shall have received evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Parent, that all outstanding shares of Company Preferred Stock shall have been converted into shares of Company Common Stock, effective no later than as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, in accordance with the terms of the Charter as in effect as of the date of this Agreement.
Conversion of Company Preferred Stock
(j) . Parent shall have received evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Parent, that any and all warrants to purchase shares of Company Capital Stock have been fully exercised, or will be so exercised as of the Effective Time, and shall no longer be outstanding as of the Effective Time.
Warrants
(k) . The Company shall have delivered the Soliciting Materials in accordance with applicable provisions of Delaware Law, and Company Stockholders entitled to receive no more than five percent (5%) of the Merger Consideration otherwise payable to holders of Company Capital Stock by virtue of the Merger pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (solely for purposes of calculating the foregoing percentage under this , disregarding (i) all Dissenting Shares and (ii) all shares of Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock) shall continue to have a right to exercise appraisal or similar rights under Delaware Law with respect to their Company Capital Stock by virtue of the Merger.
Dissenting Shares
Section 7.2(k)
(l) . Parent shall have received a duly executed Joinder Agreement from Company Securityholders (excluding Parent and its Affiliates) who are entitled to receive in the aggregate no less than ninety percent (90%) of the amounts otherwise payable pursuant to Section 2.7 by virtue of the Merger pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (solely for purposes of calculating the foregoing percentage under this , disregarding (i) all Dissenting Shares, and (ii) and all shares of Parent-Owned Company Capital Stock).
Joinder Agreements
Section 7.2(k)
(m) . Parent shall have received evidence, reasonably satisfactory to Parent, that the requisite stockholders of the Company (i) have approved by the requisite vote any Potential 280G Benefits or (ii) have voted upon such Potential 280G Benefits and the requisite vote was not obtained with respect to the Potential 280G Benefits and that any "disqualified individual" (as such term is defined in the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 280G of the Code) shall forfeit any Potential 280G Benefits pursuant to the terms of the 280G Waivers.
Section 280G Matters
 
(n) . Parent shall have received a legal opinion of Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP, counsel to the Company, covering the matters set forth in .
Legal Opinion
Exhibit H
(o) . At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to Parent evidence (to the reasonably satisfactory to Parent):
Contracts
(i) that the terms of the Contracts set forth in shall have been extended in accordance with the terms set forth in ;
Schedule 7.2(o)(i)
Schedule 7.2(o)(i)
(ii) that the Contracts set forth in have been terminated without any further Liabilities or other obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
Schedule 7.2(o)(ii)
(iii) [intentionally omitted]; and
(iv) that the consent or waiver of all third parties under the Contracts set forth in has been obtained without any conditions thereto or limitations thereon.
Schedule 7.2(o)(iv)
(p) . At or prior to the Closing, the Company shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to Parent the following:
Closing Deliveries of the Company
(i) the Payment Spreadsheet;
(ii) the Statement of Transaction Expenses, the Final Invoices, the Estimated Closing Date Balance Sheet and the Closing Date Balance Sheet;
(iii) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, dated the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, certifying as to the matters set forth in , and (the "");
Sections 7.2(a)
7.2(b)
7.2(c)
Company Bring-Down Certificate
(iv) a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, certifying (i) the Company Organizational Documents, (ii) the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company and stockholders to authorize this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) the incumbency and signatures of the officers of the Company executing this Agreement and the other agreements, instruments and other documents executed by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby copies of which actions shall be attached to such certificate;
(v) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent as to the termination of the Company Employee Plans referred to in ;
Schedule 7.2(p)(v)
(vi) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent as to the payment of all Change in Control Payments which will or may become payable as a result of the Company entering into this Agreement or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated hereby;
(vii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent of the termination or waiver of any rights of co-sale, voting, registration, first refusal, board observation, information or redemption in favor of any Company Stockholder which by their terms survive the Effective Time,
 
and the termination of the Contracts providing any such rights, in each case effective as of the Effective Time;
(viii) a certificate from the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and each other state or other U.S. jurisdiction in which the Company and, if applicable, any Subsidiary thereof is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation (or the closest equivalent thereof in the event that any jurisdiction does not provide such certificates), each dated within three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, certifying that the Company is in duly qualified to transact business and/or is in good standing (as applicable in each such jurisdiction) and that all applicable state franchise taxes or fees of the Company through and including the date of the certificate have been paid;
(ix) FIRPTA documentation, including a notice to the IRS, in accordance with the requirements of Section 1.897-2(h)(2) and Section 1.1445  2(c)(3) of the Regulations, in the form attached hereto as , dated as of the Closing Date and executed by the Company, together with written authorization for Parent to deliver such notice form to IRS on behalf of the Company after the Closing;
Exhibit I
(x) a payoff letter in respect of any and all Company Debt, in a form satisfactory to Parent (which shall include a statement expressly releasing all Security Interest in any stock or assets of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries upon receipt of the relevant payoff amount set forth therein) executed by the Company and each applicable holder of Company Debt;
(xi) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent of the completion of the Code Scrub Requirements; and
(xii) evidence reasonably satisfactory to Parent of the payment of the issue fee for U.S. Patent Application No. 12/877,136, including any large issue fees.
7.3 . The obligations of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived, in writing, exclusively by the Company:
Conditions to Obligations of the Company
(a) .
Representations and Warranties
(i) Each of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in and (collectively, the "") (x) shall have been true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and (y) shall be true and correct in all respects on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date (other than the representations and warranties set forth in the Specified Parent Representations that address matters as of a specified date, which need be true and correct in all respects only as of such date).
Section 4.1 (Organization and Good Standing)
Section 4.2 (Authority)
Specified Parent Representations
(ii) Each of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement (other than the Specified Parent Representations) (x) shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and (y) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date (other than any such representations and warranties that address matters as of a specified date, which need be true and correct in all material respects only as of such date).
 
(b) . Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed and complied in all material respects with each of the covenants and obligations under this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by Parent and Merger Sub prior to or as of the Closing.
Covenants
(c) . At or prior to the Closing, Parent and Merger Sub shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Company a certificate of a senior executive of Parent and of Merger Sub, dated the Closing Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, certifying as to the matters set forth in and .
Closing Deliveries of Parent and Merger Sub
Sections 7.3(a)
7.3(b)
8.1 .
Survival
(a) If the Merger is consummated, (i) other than as set forth below, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement and in the Company Bring-Down Certificate shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation or disclosure made by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto, until 11:59 p.m. (California time) on the date that is the twenty four (24) month anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in (Capitalization) and (Authority; Enforceability) and the corresponding representations and warranties set forth in the Company Bring-Down Certificate shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations, and (iii) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in (Taxes) and the corresponding representations and warranties set forth in the Company Bring-Down Certificate shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations in respect of the Taxes that are the subject of such representations and warranties (the survival periods referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this being referred to herein as the ""), regardless of any investigation or disclosure made by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto (such representations and warranties of the Company described in the immediately preceding clauses (ii) and (iii) of this being referred to herein as the ""); , , that in the event of any fraud or intentional misrepresentation of or by the Company with respect to any representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate, such representations and warranties shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect in perpetuity, regardless of any investigation or disclosure made by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto. In the event that any Parent Indemnified Party shall deliver an Officer's Certificate to the Representative duly setting forth a claim for indemnification under this in respect of a breach of a representation or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate prior to the expiration of the Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such representation and warranty as set forth above) applicable to the representation or warranty of the Company on which such claim is based, then such representation or warranty shall continue in full force and effect with respect to such claim until the final resolution of such claim. No right to indemnification under this in respect of a breach of a representation or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate that is set forth in an Officer's Certificate delivered prior to the expiration of the applicable Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such representation and warranty as set forth above) shall be limited, restricted, impaired or otherwise affected by the expiration of the Survival Period applicable to such representation or warranty, and the expiration
Sections 3.3
Section 3.2
Section 3.10
Section 8.1(a)
Survival Period
Section 8.1(a)
Special Representations
provided
however
ARTICLE 8
ARTICLE 8
 
of the Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such representation and warranty as set forth above) applicable to any representation or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate shall not limit, restrict, impair or otherwise affect in any manner the rights of any Indemnified Party under this , or otherwise under applicable Law, arising out of fraud or any intentional misrepresentation. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the foregoing Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such representation and warranty as set forth above) and termination dates supersede any applicable statute of limitations applicable to such representations and warranties.
ARTICLE 8
(b) If the Merger is consummated, the representations and warranties of each of the Company Stockholders set forth in their respective Joinder Agreements or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by any Company Stockholder under or pursuant to this Agreement, a Joinder Agreement or in connection with the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect without limitation in accordance with the terms thereof.
(c) If the Merger is consummated, the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement, or in any certificate or other instrument required to be delivered under or pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with the Merger or any other transactions contemplated hereby, shall terminate and expire at and as of the Effective Time and thereafter be of no further force or effect whatsoever.
(d) All of the covenants and other agreements of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and the Representative set forth in this Agreement (excluding the indemnification obligations set forth in this ) shall terminate and expire at and as of the Effective Time; , , that (i) notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the covenants and other agreements of Parent, the Surviving Corporation, the Company, the Representative set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate that contemplate performance following the Closing and the Effective Time shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect following the Closing and the Effective Time in accordance with their respective terms; (ii) no right to indemnification under this in respect of a breach of a covenant or other agreement set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate which is set forth in an Officer's Certificate delivered to the Representative prior to the expiration of the applicable Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such covenant or other agreement as set forth above) shall be affected by the expiration of such covenant or other agreement; and (iii) in the event of any fraud or intentional breach of or by the Company with respect to any covenant or other agreement set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate, such covenant or other agreement shall survive the Closing and the Effective Time and shall remain in full force and effect in perpetuity, regardless of any investigation or disclosure made by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto.
ARTICLE 8
provided
however
ARTICLE 8
8.2 .
Indemnification of Parent Indemnified Parties
(a) . Subject to the limitations set forth in this , from and after the Effective Time, each Company Securityholder (each, an "" and, collectively, the "") shall severally, and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless Parent and each of its Subsidiaries (including, following the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries) and their respective directors, officers, employees, Affiliates and other persons who control or are controlled by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, and their respective agents and other representatives (collectively, the "")
Indemnification
ARTICLE 8
Indemnifying Party
Indemnifying Parties
Parent Indemnified Parties
 
from, against and in respect of any and all Damages directly or indirectly paid, sustained or incurred against by Parent Indemnified Parties (or any of them) directly or indirectly resulting from, arising out of or in connection with, or in any way related to, any of the following:
(i) any failure of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedule), other than the Special Representations, to be true and correct as of the date hereof or as of the Closing Date as if such representation or warranty had been made at and as of the Closing Date;
(ii) any failure of any Special Representations made by the Company in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate (as qualified by the Disclosure Schedule) to be true and correct as of the date hereof or as of the Closing Date as if such Special Representation had been made at and as of the Closing Date;
(iii) any breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant or other agreement made or to be performed by the Company in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate;
(iv) any inaccuracy in the Payment Spreadsheet;
(v) any and all Company Debt, to the extent that such Company Debt is not included in the calculation of the Merger Consideration at the Closing or exceeds the amount of Company Debt set forth in the Payment Spreadsheet and included in the calculation of the Merger Consideration at the Closing;
(vi) any and all Change in Control Payments, to the extent that such Change in Control Payments are not included in the calculation of Merger Consideration at the Closing or exceeds the amount of Change in Control Payments set forth in the Payment Spreadsheet and included in the calculation of the Merger Consideration at the Closing;
(vii) all Transaction Expenses, to the extent that such Transaction Expenses are not included in the calculation of Merger Consideration at the Closing or exceed the amount of Transaction Expenses set forth in the Payment Spreadsheet and the Statement of Transaction Expenses and included in the calculation of the Merger Consideration at the Closing;
(viii) any Pre-Closing Taxes, except to the extent that any such Taxes were included in the definition of Transaction Expenses as a reduction to the Merger Consideration or otherwise properly accrued or reserved for on the Balance Sheet;
(ix) any amount paid by Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation to any Company Stockholder with respect to Dissenting Shares in excess of the value that such Person would have received in the Merger for such Dissenting Shares had such shares been converted pursuant to hereof, and all interest, costs, expenses and fees incurred by Parent, the Company or the Surviving Corporation in connection with the exercise or attempted exercise of any dissenter's rights; and
Section 2.7(b)
(x) any fraud, intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach by the Company (or any of its directors, officers, employees, affiliates and other persons who control or are controlled by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and their respective agents and other representatives) in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(b) .
Limitations on Indemnification
(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, nothing set forth in this or elsewhere in this Agreement shall limit the liability of (A) subject to Section 9.2, the Company for any breach of this Agreement if the Merger is not consummated, or (B) any Indemnifying Party for (1) any Indemnification Claim pursuant to clause (x) of , (2) any claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to the Joinder Agreement entered into with such Indemnifying Party, or (3) for any other claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to fraud, intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach under applicable Law. Provided that it has complied with , any Parent Indemnified Party shall be entitled to bring claims directly against any Company Securityholder in connection with any claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to the Joinder Agreement of such Company Securityholder and may recover any Damages directly or indirectly paid, sustained or incurred by such Parent Indemnified Party directly from such Company Securityholder in respect thereof.
ARTICLE 8
Section 8.2(a)
Section 8.2(b)(ii)
(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if the Merger is consummated, (A) the Escrow Fund shall be the Parent Indemnified Parties' sole and exclusive remedy, security and source of recovery for any Indemnification Claims under and pursuant to clause (i) of , and (B) the Parent Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to recover any Damages in respect of any Indemnification Claims under or pursuant to clause (i) of , in the aggregate, in excess of the funds held in the Escrow Fund; , , that notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the preceding restrictions set forth in this shall not in any way limit or otherwise restrict any right in respect of any Indemnification Claims under or pursuant to clauses (ii) through (x) of , inclusive, or any other claims or causes of action arising out of fraud, intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach under applicable Law.
Section 8.2(a)
Section 8.2(a)
provided
however
Section 8.2(b)(ii)
Section 8.2(a)
(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if the Merger is consummated, the Parent Indemnified Parties shall not be entitled to recover any Damages from any Indemnifying Party in respect of any Indemnification Claims under or pursuant to clause (ii) through (ix) of , inclusive, in the aggregate, in excess of an amount equal to the Merger Consideration actually received by each Indemnifying Party; , , that notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the preceding restrictions set forth in this shall not in any way limit or otherwise restrict any right in respect of any Indemnification Claims against any Indemnifying Party under or pursuant to clause (i) or (x) of , or any other claims or causes of action arising out of fraud, intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach under applicable Law.
Section 8.2(a)
provided
however
Section 8.2(b)(iii)
Section 8.2(a)
(iv) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no Indemnified Party may receive cash from the Escrow Fund in respect of any claim for indemnification that is made pursuant to clause (i) of unless and until an Indemnified Party pays, suffers or accrues Indemnifiable Damages in an aggregate amount greater than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) (the ""), in which case the Indemnified Party may make claims for indemnification and may receive cash from the Escrow Fund for all Indemnifiable Damages including the entire amount of the Threshold.
Section 8.2(a)
Threshold
(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, if the Merger is consummated, Parent acknowledges and agrees (on behalf of itself and all Parent Indemnified Parties) that all applicable statutes of limitations or other claims periods
 
with respect to claims thereunder shall be shortened to the survival and claims periods expressly set forth in .
Section 8.1
(vi) All amounts required to be paid to a Parent Indemnified Party pursuant to the terms of this shall be reduced by any amount actually received by any Indemnified Party under any insurance policies (net of any correspondent premium increase or related cost of obtaining such insurance related payment); , , that in no event shall a Parent Indemnified Party be required to seek recovery under any insurance policy.
ARTICLE 8
provided
however
(vii) For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a particular matter entitles a Parent Indemnified Party to indemnification pursuant to more than one clause of , such Parent Indemnified Party shall be entitled to recover a particular dollar of Damages associated with such matter only once under this .
Section 8.2(a)
ARTICLE 8
(viii) In the event that any Parent Indemnified Party is entitled to receive indemnification under this from all Indemnifying Parties, then after the Parent Indemnified Parties have exhausted or made claims upon all assets in the Escrow Fund, each Indemnifying Party shall be severally and not jointly responsible and liable for its Pro Rata Share of the amount of such indemnification obligation, not to exceed the portion of the Merger Consideration actually received by such Company Securityholder; , , that the foregoing shall not in any way limit or otherwise restrict any right in respect of any claims or causes of action arising out of or relating to fraud, intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach under applicable Law.
ARTICLE 8
provided
however
(ix) Indemnification claims may be made for Damages arising out of, resulting from or in connection with indemnification claims under or pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) of may be made at any time prior to the expiration of the Survival Period applicable to the representation or warranty that is the basis for such claim. Indemnification claims may be made for Damages arising out of, resulting from or in connection with indemnification claims under or pursuant to clauses (iii) through (ix), inclusive, of at any time and from time to time prior to the expiration of the statute of limitations under applicable Law.
Section 8.2(a)
Section 8.2(a)
(c) .
Indemnification Claims
(i) If a Parent Indemnified Party is of the opinion that it has or may acquire a right to indemnification under this (each, an ""), such Parent Indemnified Party shall so notify the Representative in a written notice, signed by such Parent Indemnified Party, or any officer thereof (each, an "") delivered on or prior to the expiration of the Survival Period (or such longer period applicable to such representation and warranty as set forth above): (i) stating that such Indemnified Party has directly or indirectly paid, sustained or incurred any Damages, or reasonably anticipates that it will directly or indirectly pay, sustain or incur any Damages; (ii) specifying in reasonable detail the individual items of Damages included in the amount so stated (and the method of computation of each such item of Damages, if applicable), the date each such item of Damages was paid, sustained or incurred, or the basis for such reasonably anticipated Damages; (iii) a brief description in reasonable detail (to the extent available to such Parent Indemnified Party) of the facts, circumstances or events giving rise to each item of Damages based on such Parent Indemnified Party's good faith belief thereof, including the identity and address of any third-party claimant and copies of any formal demand or complaint relating thereto; and (iv) the basis for indemnification under to which such item of Damages is related (including, if applicable, the specific nature of the misrepresentation, or the breach of warranty or covenant). Following the delivery of
ARTICLE 8
Indemnification Claim
Officer's Certificate
Section 8.2
 
an Officer's Certificate, the Representative and its representatives and agents shall, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable Law, be given access during normal business hours (including electronic access, to the extent available) as they may reasonably require to the books and records of the Surviving Corporation and access during normal business hours to such personnel or representatives of the Surviving Corporation and Parent, including the individuals responsible for the matters that are subject of the Officer's Certificate, as they may reasonably require for the purposes of resolving any disputes or responding to any matters or inquiries raised in the Officer's Certificate.
(ii) If the Representative shall not object in writing pursuant to to any individual items of Damages set forth in an Officer's Certificate delivered by Parent pursuant to within 30 days after the Representative's receipt of such Officer's Certificate, the Representative shall be conclusively deemed to have acknowledged and irrevocably consented, for and on behalf of the Indemnifying Parties, to the Parent Indemnified Party recovery of the full amount of all such items of Damages set forth in such Officer's Certificate solely to the extent that such Damages do not exceed the Escrow Fund at such time. Upon receipt of any Officer's Certificate, the Escrow Agent shall not release any portion of the Escrow Fund to Parent or any other Parent Indemnified Party or Parties pursuant to this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement unless and until (i) the Escrow Agent shall have received written authorization from the Representative to release any portion of the Escrow Fund, or (ii) the Representative shall have failed to object in writing pursuant to to any individual items of Damages set forth in such Officer's Certificate within 30 days after the Representative's receipt of such Officer's Certificate.
Section 8.2(c)(iii)
Section 8.2(c)(i)
Section 8.2(c)(iv)
(iii) In the event that the Escrow Agent shall receive written authorization from the Representative to release to Parent or any other Parent Indemnified Party or Parties any portion of the Escrow Fund pursuant to , the Escrow Agent shall release such portion of the Escrow Fund in accordance with such written instructions. In the event that the Representative shall have failed to object in writing pursuant to to any individual items of Damages set forth in an Officer's Certificate relating to a claim for indemnification pursuant to within 30 days after the Representative's receipt of such Officer's Certificate, the Escrow Agent shall promptly release to Parent or any other Parent Indemnified Party or Parties (as instructed by Parent in writing) from the Escrow Fund an amount of cash equal to the amount of all such items of Damages specified in such Officer's Certificate with respect to which the Representative has not objected in writing pursuant to . Any cash released to Parent or any other Parent Indemnified Party or Parties pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be deemed to reduce each Indemnifying Party's interest in the Escrow Fund in accordance with his, her or its Pro Rata Share of the Escrow Fund.
Section 8.2(c)(i)
Section 8.2(c)(iv)
Section 8.2
Section 8.2(c)(iv)
(iv) In the event that the Representative shall seek to contest any individual items of Damages set forth in an Officer's Certificate received from Parent pursuant to , the Representative shall notify Parent in writing, within 30 days after receipt of such Officer's Certificate, of the Representative's objection, which notice shall set forth a brief description in reasonable detail of the Representative's basis for objecting to each item of Damages based on the Representative's good faith belief thereof. Upon Parent's receipt of a written notice of objection from the Representative pursuant to the preceding sentence, Parent and the Representative shall attempt in good faith to agree upon the rights of the respective parties with respect to the disputed items of Damages. If the Representative and Parent should so agree, a memorandum setting forth the agreement reached by the parties with respect to such disputed items of Damages shall be prepared and signed by both parties and, in the case of a claim against the Escrow Fund, shall be furnished to the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely
Section 8.2(c)(i)
 
on any such memorandum and make distributions from the Escrow Fund in accordance with the instructions set forth in any such memorandum.
(v) If within 60 days after the Representative's receipt of such Officer's Certificate, and after good faith negotiations, the parties are unable to agree on the rights of the respective parties with respect to any disputed items of Damages set forth in an Officer's Certificate, either Parent or the Representative may submit any such dispute for resolution pursuant to the provisions of . The decision resulting therefrom shall be nonappealable, binding and conclusive upon the parties to this Agreement and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to act in accordance with such decision and the Escrow Agent shall distribute the Escrow Fund in accordance therewith. Judgment upon any award rendered pursuant to the provisions of may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Escrow Agreement.
Section 10.9
Section 10.9
Section 8.2(c)(v)
(d) . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement, the Company Organizational Documents or any agreement between the Company and any Company Securityholder entered into prior to the Closing to the contrary, in no event shall the Surviving Corporation, as the successor in interest to the Company by virtue of the Merger, or Parent be obligated to reimburse, contribute, indemnify or hold harmless any Company Securityholder in its capacity as a Company Securityholder for or in connection with any Damages or indemnification obligations of any Company Securityholder under this .
Company Securityholders
ARTICLE 8
(e) . In the event any Action is instituted against a Parent Indemnified Party which involves or appears reasonably likely to involve an Indemnification Claim hereunder (a ""), Parent will, promptly after receipt of notice of any such Action, notify the Representative (or, in the event indemnification is being sought hereunder directly from an Indemnifying Party, such Indemnifying Party) of the commencement thereof. The failure to so notify the Representative (or, in the event indemnification is being sought hereunder directly from an Indemnifying Party, such Indemnifying Party) of the commencement of any such Action will relieve the Indemnifying Parties from liability in connection therewith only if and to the extent that such failure materially and adversely affects the ability of the Indemnifying Parties to defend their interests in such Action. Parent shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to control the defense or settlement of such Action; , , that the Representative (or, in the event indemnification is being sought hereunder directly from an Indemnifying Party, such Indemnifying Party) and its counsel (at such party's sole expense) may participate in (but not control the conduct of) the defense of such Action; and that, except with the consent of the Representative (or, in the event indemnification is being sought hereunder directly from an Indemnifying Party, such Indemnifying Party), no settlement of any such Action with third party claimants shall be determinative of the amount of Damages relating to such matter. In the event that the Representative has consented to any such settlement, the Indemnifying Parties shall have no power or authority to object under any provision of this to the amount of any such Indemnification Claim against the Escrow Fund, or against the Indemnifying Parties directly, as the case may be, with respect to such settlement.
Third Party Actions
Third Party Claim
provided
however
provided further
ARTICLE 8
(f) . For all purposes of and under this Agreement, the term "Damages" shall mean the amount of (i) any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or other damage (including lost profits and diminution in value), loss, liability, claim, deficiency, Tax, judgment, fine, penalty, cost or other expense (including reasonable attorneys', accountants', consultants' and experts' fees and expenses, and any costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and filing of any Tax Return) directly or indirectly paid, sustained or incurred
Definition of Damages
 
by the Parent Indemnified Parties (or any of them), (ii) any and all reasonable fees and costs of enforcing the Parent Indemnified Party's rights under this Agreement, and (iii) any and all reasonable fees and costs defending any Third Party Actions that result in an indemnification payment received by a Parent Indemnified Party pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of determining the amount of any Damage suffered or incurred by a Parent Indemnified Party, any qualifications in the representations, warranties and covenants with respect to a "Company Material Adverse Effect" (which instead shall be read as any adverse effect or change, except in the case of the reference to "Company Material Adverse Effect" in the first clause of the introduction to , which shall continue to be read as "Company Material Adverse Effect"), "materiality," "material" or similar terms shall be disregarded and will not have any effect with respect to the calculation of the amount of any Damages attributable to a breach of any representation, warranty or covenant of the Company set forth in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate.
Section 3.8
(g) . The Indemnifying Parties and Parent agree to treat (and cause their Affiliates to treat) any payments received pursuant to as adjustments to the Merger Consideration for all Tax purposes, to the maximum extent permitted by Law.
Treatment of Indemnification Payments
Section 8.2
(h) . The right to indemnification, payment of Damages or any other remedy hereunder will not be affected by any investigation conducted with respect to, or any Knowledge acquired (or capable of being acquired) at any time, whether before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Closing Date, with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance with, any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company or any other matter. The waiver of any condition based on the accuracy of any such representation or warranty, or on the performance of or compliance with any such covenant or agreement, will not affect the right to indemnification, payment of Damages, or any other remedy based on any such representation, warranty, covenant or agreement. No Parent Indemnified Party shall be required to show reliance on any representation, warranty, certificate or other agreement in order for such Parent Indemnified Party to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.
Effect of Investigation; Reliance
8.3 .
Representative
(a) . Each of the Indemnifying Parties, by voting in favor of the adoption of this Agreement, the approval of the principal terms of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereunder, the consummation of the Merger or participating in the Merger and receiving the benefits thereof, including the right to receive the consideration payable in connection with the Merger, and/or entering into a Joinder Agreement shall be deemed to have approved the designation and appointment of, and hereby designates and appoints, Shareholder Representative Services LLC as the Representative under the terms set forth herein, and as his, her or its true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement on their behalf and exercise all or any of the powers, authority and discretion conferred on the Representative under this Agreement. Each Company Securityholder hereby agrees to receive correspondence from the Representative, including in electronic form.
Acknowledgement
(b) . The Representative shall have and may exercise all of the powers conferred upon him, her or it pursuant to this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, which shall include:
Powers of the Representative
(i) The power to execute any agreement or instrument in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby for and on behalf of the Indemnifying Parties;
 
(ii) The power to give or receive any notice or instruction permitted or required under this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement, or any other agreement, document or instrument entered into or executed in connection herewith, to be given or received by any Indemnifying Party, and each of them (other than notice for service of process relating to any Action before a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, which notice must be given to each Indemnifying Party individually, as applicable), and to take any and all action for and on behalf of Indemnifying Parties, and each of them, under this Agreement, the Escrow Agreement or any other such agreement, document or instrument;
(iii) The power (subject to the provisions of hereof) to contest, negotiate, defend, compromise or settle any Indemnification Claims or Actions for which a Parent Indemnified Party may be entitled to indemnification through counsel selected by the Representative and solely at the cost, risk and expense of the Indemnifying Parties, authorize payment to any Parent Indemnified Party of any of the Escrow Fund, or any portion thereof, in satisfaction of any Indemnification Claims, agree to, negotiate, enter into settlements and compromises of, and demand arbitration and comply with orders of courts and awards of arbitrators with respect to such Indemnification Claims, resolve any Indemnification Claims, take any actions in connection with the resolution of any dispute relating hereto or to the transactions contemplated hereby by arbitration, settlement or otherwise, and take or forego any or all actions permitted or required of any Indemnifying Party or necessary in the judgment of the Representative for the accomplishment of the foregoing and all of the other terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement;
Section 8.3(c)
(iv) The power to consult with legal counsel, independent public accountants and other experts selected by it, solely at the cost and expense of the Indemnifying Parties;
(v) The power to review, negotiate and agree to and authorize any payments from the Escrow Fund in satisfaction of any payment obligation, in each case, on behalf of the Indemnifying Parties, as contemplated thereunder;
(vi) The power to waive any terms and conditions of this Agreement or the Escrow Agreement providing rights or benefits to the Indemnifying Parties (other than the payment of the Merger Consideration in accordance with the terms hereof and in the manner provided herein); and
(vii) The power to take any actions in regard to such other matters as are reasonably necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and in the Escrow Agreement or as the Representative reasonably believes are in the best interests of the Indemnifying Parties;
, , that notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth herein, the powers conferred above shall not authorize or empower the Representative to do or cause to be done any of the foregoing (i) in a manner that improperly discriminates between or among the Indemnifying Parties; or (ii) as to any matter insofar as such matter relates solely and exclusively to a single Indemnifying Party, whereupon the Representative may appoint the Indemnifying Party who is alleged to be in breach to handle all matters related to such indemnification claim on behalf of the Representative, and all references to the Representative in such event shall include also such Indemnifying Party. Without implying that other actions would constitute an improper discrimination, each of the Indemnifying Parties agrees that discrimination between or among Indemnifying Parties solely on the basis of the respective number of shares of Company Capital
provided
however
 
Stock held by each Company Stockholder shall not be deemed to be improper. Further, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Representative shall not be entitled to, and shall not, take any action that would (i) cause any Indemnifying Party's liability to Parent hereunder to exceed its portion of the Escrow Fund, (ii) result in the amounts payable hereunder to any Indemnifying Party being distributed in any manner other than as set forth in this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement, or (iii) result in an increase of any Indemnifying Party's indemnity with respect to Parent or other obligations with respect to Parent or liabilities with respect to Parent under this Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any change to the nature of the indemnity obligations with respect to Parent), without (in each case) such Indemnifying Party's prior written consent.
(c) . The Representative shall have the discretion to take such action as he, she or it shall determine to be in the best interest of all of the Indemnifying Parties, including authorizing the distribution to any Parent Indemnified Party of any portion of the Escrow Fund; , , that, in any event, all Indemnifying Parties are treated in substantially the same manner.
Procedures Upon Receipt of Indemnification Claims
provided
however
(d) . After the Effective Time, any notice given to the Representative will constitute notice to each and all of the Indemnifying Parties at the time notice is given to the Representative. After the Effective Time, any action taken by, or notice or instruction received from, the Representative will be deemed to be action by, or notice or instruction from, each and all of the Indemnifying Parties. Except as otherwise contained herein, after the Effective Time Parent, Merger Sub, the Company and the Surviving Corporation may, and the Escrow Agent will, disregard any notice or instruction received from any one or more individual Indemnifying Parties.
Notices
(e) . The Representative hereby agrees to do such acts, and execute further documents, as shall be reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.
Agreement of the Representative
(f) .
Reimbursement and Liability of the Representative
(i) At the Closing, the Representative Expense Amount shall be deducted from the amounts due to each holder of Company Securities pursuant to and transferred to the Representative to be held in a segregated client funds account, as an expense fund to cover such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representative in the performance of his or her duties hereunder. Any remaining funds not used by the Representative shall be paid to the Paying Agent for distribution to the Company Securityholders contributing to such fund, based on each Company Securityholder's Pro Rata Share, upon conclusion of the Representative's duties hereunder. However, in any event (and particularly in the event that the Representative Expense Fund is not sufficient to cover the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Representative in the performance of his, her or its duties hereunder), each Indemnifying Party agrees that such Indemnifying Party's Pro Rata Share of such reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that are not covered by the Representative Expense Fund may be deducted by the Representative from amounts to be distributed to the Indemnifying Parties from the Escrow Fund prior to delivery of such amounts to the Indemnifying Parties.
Section 2.8(c)
(ii) The Representative shall not be personally liable as the Representative to any Indemnifying Party for any act done or omitted hereunder as Representative other than such actions or omissions to act attributable to gross negligence or willful misconduct.
 
(iii) The Company Securityholders (other than Parent) shall severally, but not jointly based on their Pro Rata Share, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Representative and its successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, causes of action, losses, damages, obligations, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and court costs) (collectively, "") arising as a result of or incurred in connection with any actions taken or omitted to be taken by the Representative pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case as such Representative Loss is incurred or suffered; that in the event that it is finally adjudicated that a Representative Loss or any portion thereof was primarily caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Representative, the Representative will reimburse the Company Securityholders (other than Parent) the amount of such indemnified Representative Loss attributable to such gross negligence or willful misconduct. If not paid directly to the Representative by the Company Securityholders (other than Parent), any such losses, liabilities or expenses may be recovered by the Representative from (A) the funds in the Representative Expense Fund and (B) the amounts in the Escrow Account otherwise distributable to Company Securityholders (other than Parent) pursuant to the terms hereof and the Escrow Agreement at the time of each distribution in accordance with written instructions delivered by the Representative to the Escrow Agent; that while this section allows the Representative to be paid from the Representative Expense Fund and the Escrow Account, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as to relieve the Company Securityholders (other than Parent) from their obligation to promptly pay such Representative Losses as such Representative Losses are suffered or incurred, nor to prevent the Representative from seeking any remedies available to it at law or otherwise.
Representative Losses
provided
provided
(iv) In connection with the Closing, the Company shall provide the Representative with copies of the following: (A) the Company Bring-Down Certificate; (B) the Unvested Equity Award Documents; and (C) the Payment Spreadsheet.
8.4 . Parent and its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation) and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely on the appointment of Shareholder Representative Services LLC as Representative and treat such Representative as the duly appointed attorney-in-fact of each Indemnifying Party and as having the duties, power and authority provided for in this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. None of Parent or its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation) or the Escrow Agent shall be liable to any Indemnifying Party for any actions taken or omitted by them in reliance upon any instructions, notice or other instruments delivered by the Representative. No resignation of the Representative shall become effective unless at least 30 days prior written notice of the resignation of such Representative shall be provided to Parent and the Escrow Agent. Parent and its Affiliates (including, after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation) and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely at any time after receipt of any such notice on the most recent notice so received. The Indemnifying Parties holding a majority interest in the Escrow Fund held in escrow at such time may remove the Representative by a written instrument delivered to the Representative, Parent and the Company, and, in such event and also if the Representative shall resign or be unable or unwilling to serve in such capacity, his, her or its successor who shall serve and exercise the powers of the Representative hereunder shall be appointed by a written instrument signed by Indemnifying Parties holding a majority interest in the Escrow Fund held in escrow at such time and delivered to Parent and the Escrow Agent.
Reliance on the Representative
8.5 . From and after Closing, except for equitable remedies or in the event of fraud, willful breach or intentional misrepresentation, the rights of the Indemnified Parties to indemnification relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be strictly limited to those contained in this and such indemnification rights shall be
Remedies Exclusive
ARTICLE 8
 
the exclusive remedies of the Indemnified Parties subsequent to the Closing Date with respect to any matter in any way relating to this Agreement or arising in connection herewith. Except in the event of fraud, willful breach or intentional misrepresentation, or as provided in this , no action shall be brought or maintained by any party against any Indemnifying Party, and no recourse shall be brought or granted against any Indemnifying Party, by virtue of or based upon any alleged misstatement or omission respecting an inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties or covenants of any of the Company or any Indemnifying Party set forth or contained in this Agreement or the Company Bring-Down Certificate.
ARTICLE 8
9.1 . Except as provided in , this Agreement may be terminated and the transactions contemplated hereby abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:
Termination
Section 9.2
(a) by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent;
(b) by either Parent or the Company, if the Closing Date shall not have occurred by August 1, 2011 (the ""); , , that if any of the conditions specified in shall not have been satisfied on or prior to such date, either Parent or the Company may elect, by written notice to the other party at least one day prior to such date, to extend the Outside Date to November 1, 2011; that the right to terminate this Agreement under this shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a breach of this Agreement;
Outside Date
provided
however
Section 7.1(b)
provided further
Section 9.1(b)
(c) by either Parent or the Company, if: (i) any Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law, statute, rule, regulation, executive order or decree (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and which has the effect of making the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibits or otherwise restrains the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement, or (ii) any Governmental Authority shall have issued or granted a restraining order, injunction, or other similar legal restraint, in any such case that has the effect of making the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibits or otherwise restrains the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement, and such order, injunction or restraint shall have become final and nonappealable;
(d) by Parent, if any Governmental Authority shall have taken any action, or enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced, entered or deemed applicable to the Merger any Law, statute, rule, regulation, executive order or decree (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that has the effect of (i) prohibiting Parent's ownership or operation of any portion of the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) compelling Parent or the Company to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries, in either case in connection with the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement;
(e) by Parent, if (i) there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company set forth in this Agreement such that, if not cured on or prior to the Closing Date, the conditions set forth in or would not be satisfied and such breach has not been cured within 20 days after written notice thereof to the Company;
Sections 7.2(a)
7.2(b)
 
, , that no cure period shall be required for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured, or (ii) a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred following the date hereof;
provided
however
(f) by the Company, if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement such that, if not cured on or prior to the Closing Date, the conditions set forth in or would not be satisfied and such breach has not been cured within 20 days after written notice thereof to Parent; , , that no cure period shall be required for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured; or
Sections 7.3(a)
7.3(b)
provided
however
(g) by Parent, if, within four hours immediately following the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company shall not have obtained and delivered to Parent (i) Stockholder Written Consents representing the Requisite Stockholder Approval and (ii) Joinder Agreements signed by each Company Stockholder executing the Stockholder Written Consents.
9.2 . In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in , this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or their respective officers, directors or stockholders; , , that notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, following any termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, any party hereto shall remain liable thereafter for any fraud or any intentional misrepresentation or intentional breach of this Agreement that occurred prior to such termination; and that the provisions of , , , this and shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this .
Effect of Termination
Section 9.1
provided
however
provided further
Section 6.7 (Confidentiality)
Section 6.8 (Public Announcements)
Section 6.10 (Fees and Expenses)
Section 9.2
ARTICLE 10
ARTICLE 9
9.3 . Subject to applicable Law, any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived prior to the Effective Time if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement, or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective; , , that, for purposes of this , the Company Securityholders agree that any amendment or waiver of the Agreement signed by the Representative shall be binding upon and effective against each of the Company Securityholders whether or not they have signed such amendment or waiver. No course of dealing and no failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice such party's rights, powers and remedies. The failure of any of the parties to this Agreement to require the performance of a term or obligation under this Agreement or the waiver by any of the parties to this Agreement of any breach hereunder shall not prevent subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach hereunder. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy conferred by this Agreement shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
Amendments; No Waiver
provided
however
Section 9.3
10.1 . All notices, requests, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered personally, (ii) the next Business Day, if sent by a nationally-recognized overnight delivery service (unless the records of the delivery service indicate otherwise), (iii) three Business Days after deposit in the United States
Notices
 
mail, certified and with proper postage prepaid, addressed as follows; or (iv) upon delivery if sent by electronic mail:
 
Teradata Corporation
10000 Innovation Drive
Miamisburg, Ohio 45342
Attention: Legal Notices
Email: lawnotices@teradata.com
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
Professional Corporation
One Market Street
Spear Tower, Suite 3300
San Francisco, California 94105
Attention: Michael S. Ringler
Email: mringler@wsgr.com
 
Aster Data Systems, Inc.
999 Skyway Road, Suite 100
San Carlos, California 94070
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Email: quentin.gallivan@asterdata.com
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP
1200 Seaport Boulevard
Redwood City, California 94063
Attention: Robert V. Gunderson, Jr.
Email: rgunderson@gunder.com
 
Shareholder Representative Services LLC
601 Montgomery Street, Suite 2020
San Francisco, California 94111
Attention: Managing Director
Email: deals@shareholderrep.com
 
with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Gunderson Dettmer Stough Villeneuve Franklin & Hachigian, LLP
1200 Seaport Boulevard
Redwood City, California 94063
Attention: Robert V. Gunderson, Jr.
Email: rgunderson@gunder.com
Any party or other recipient may from time to time change its address for purposes of this Agreement by giving notice of such change as provided herein. Any notice to be given to any Indemnifying Party hereunder shall be given to the Representative or, if for any reason there ceases to be a Representative, to each Indemnifying Party.
10.2 . All covenants and agreements and other provisions set forth in this Agreement and made by or on behalf of any of the parties hereto shall bind and inure to the benefit of the successors, heirs and permitted assigns of such party, whether or not so expressed. None of the parties may assign or transfer any of their respective rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent in writing of the Company, Parent and the Representative. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit Parent from merging the Surviving Company with and into Parent or assigning any of the rights hereunder to a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent following the Effective Time.
Successors and Assigns
10.3 . This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in two or more counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a fax machine or by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an "") shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No party hereto shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent that such defense relates to lack of authenticity.
Counterparts
Electronic Delivery
10.4 . In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect for any reason in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired or affected (so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party), it being intended that each of parties' rights and privileges shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, and any such invalidity, illegality and unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction (so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party).
Severability
10.5 . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions (without proof of damages) to prevent breaches of
Specific Performance
 
this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity and the parties hereby agree to waive any requirements for posting a bond in connection with any such action.
10.6 . Except to the extent set forth otherwise herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy.
Other Remedies
10.7 . Except as specifically set forth or referred to herein, nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any Person any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement or any other certificate, document, instrument or agreement executed in connection herewith nor be relied upon other than the parties hereto and their permitted successors or assigns. The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the parties and are for the sole benefit of the parties hereto in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and are not necessarily intended as characterization of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any earlier date. Without limiting anything else in this , the representations and warranties made in this Agreement are not intended to, and do not, confer upon any Person (other than, to the extent expressly permitted, such Person's assignees) any rights or remedies hereunder.
Third Parties
Section 10.7
10.8 . This Agreement, including the validity hereof and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely in such state (without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof).
Governing Law
10.9 . Without limiting the other provisions of this , the parties hereto agree that any legal proceeding by or against any party hereto or with respect to or arising out of this Agreement shall be arbitrated in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to the arbitration proceedings set out in 10 Del. C.  349 and the Court of Chancery Rules relating thereto, including Court of Chancery Rules 96, 97, and 98; , , that any legal proceeding by or against any party hereto or with respect to or arising out of this Agreement, if any, that is not eligible for arbitration in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to the arbitration proceedings set out in 10 Del. C.  349 shall be brought exclusively in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any federal court within the State of Delaware). The parties agree that the decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding and not subject to appeal. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and to the appellate courts therefrom solely for the purposes of disputes arising under the this Agreement and not as a general submission to such jurisdiction or with respect to any other dispute, matter or claim whatsoever. The parties hereto irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the delivery of copies thereof by overnight courier to the address for such party to which notices are deliverable hereunder. Any such service of process shall be effective upon delivery. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to stay or dismiss any action or proceeding under or in connection with this Agreement brought before the foregoing courts on the basis of (i) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason, or that it or any of its property is immune from the above-described legal process,
Consent to Jurisdiction; Binding Arbitration
Section 10.9
provided
however
 
(ii) that such action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that venue for the action or proceeding is improper or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, or (iii) any other defense that would hinder or delay the levy, execution or collection of any amount to which any party hereto is entitled pursuant to any final judgment of any court having jurisdiction.
10.10 . This Agreement, including the Disclosure Schedule (and all exhibits and schedules thereto) and all Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement, and all other agreements referred to herein (including the Escrow Agreement) is complete, and all promises, representations, understandings, warranties and agreements with reference to the subject matter hereof, and all inducements to the making of this Agreement relied upon by all the parties hereto, have been expressed herein or in such Disclosure Schedule, Schedules, Exhibits or such other agreements and this Agreement, including such Disclosure Schedule, Schedules, Exhibits and such other agreements supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, to the extent that they related in any way to the subject matter hereof.
Entire Agreement
10.11 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY HERETO IN NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement under seal as of the day and year first above written.
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
NEWS RELEASE
For further information:
Dan Conway
Public Relations
858-663-4689
dan.conway@teradata.com
For Release on April 6, 2011
- Teradata (NYSE:TDC) has completed its acquisition of Aster Data Systems, Inc., a leader in big data analytics. The acquisition will expand Teradata's portfolio and bring businesses greater depth of analytic insight and faster time to value as they unlock the full potential of their big data.
SAN DIEGO, California
Please follow this link to view the full social media version of this news release on Teradata.com
http://www.teradata.com/t/News-Releases/2011/Teradata-Completes-Acquisition-of-Aster-Data/
"With the powerful combination of Teradata and Aster Data, customers will be able to quickly solve complex business problems by leveraging relational and new data sources and types to improve growth and drive profitability," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer, Teradata Corporation. "We will be able to drive analytical insight that no other single vendor can deliver."
"Teradata is the first company to help its customers harness the power of emerging big data and provide breakthrough performance and scalability by combining our leading business analytics and data warehousing solutions with Aster Data's innovative big data solutions," said Scott Gnau, chief development officer, Teradata Corporation.
"We believe this is a significant acquisition for Teradata that will provide long-term technology benefits, particularly for dealing with large and complex data sets. Specifically, Aster Data brings expertise in combining SQL and MapReduce-based analysis," said Matt Aslett, senior analyst, The 451 Group. "The addition of Aster Data strengthens Teradata's hand in the increasingly important data warehousing market."
Teradata is the long-recognized leader in solving large-scale big data problems within the integrated data warehouse. The new opportunity is to leverage, not discard, the emerging big data. The explosion of this data is being generated by social media, web interactions, e-commerce, sensors, machines and intelligent mobile devices. The acquisition of Aster Data enables customers to easily address and solve both halves of the big data problem by applying Teradata's core competency and big data leadership to address both traditional and emerging big data challenges. This is made possible by leveraging the power of Aster Data's patent-pending structured query language, SQL-MapReduce technology, which is a framework for integrating analytic applications written in a variety of programming languages. This unique and tight integration of SQL and MapReduce provides unparalleled ease of use and extends the power of MapReduce to business users with the common language of SQL.
"The Aster Data solution allows organizations to differentiate their business so that they can compete and win in today's market by utilizing innovative data-driven analytic applications against big data types," said Mayank Bawa, chief customer officer and co-founder, Aster Data. "By joining forces with Teradata, our customers will have new analytic capabilities enabling them to now solve problems in a way that is simply unmatched in the market."
Teradata will offer the Aster Data solution as a stand-alone software solution, as well as a component of the Teradata Integrated Analytics portfolio, to store and process data. It will include pre-packaged analytics functions and tools for rapid analytics development. Aster Data's unique capabilities supports Teradata's heritage of scalability, manageability, and performance.
"With Teradata, we will enable a new set of solutions that will allow customers to harness the large volumes of non-relational data," said Tasso Argyros, chief technology officer and co-founder, Aster Data. "The data analytic possibilities that are now available to our customers are nothing short of limitless; as part of Teradata, we will continue to be bold and innovative."
Customers will be able to rapidly uncover new and changing patterns in their data.
 
 
 
Relevant resources:
James Kobielus, Forrester Research, Inc. Blog - Teradata Acquiring Aster Data, Driving MapReduce Deeply Into Its Strategy
http://blogs.forrester.com/james_kobielus/11-03-03-teradata_acquiring_aster_data_driving_mapreduce_deeply_into_its_strategy
Teradata Magazine - Big Data: It's going mainstream, and it's your next opportunity
http://www.teradatamagazine.com/v11n01/Features/Big-Data/
Teradata News Release - Teradata Integrated Analytics Portfolio Transforms Teradata Warehouses Into Analytic Services Environments
http://www.teradata.com/t/News-Releases/2010/Teradata-Integrated-Analytics-Portfolio-Transforms-Teradata-Warehouses-Into-Analytic-Services-Environments/
GigaOm - Interview with Stephen Brobst, chief technology officer, Teradata Corporation
http://gigaom.com/cloud/sensor-networks-top-social-networks-for-big-data-2/
About Teradata
Teradata is the world's leader in and through its , , and . For more information, visit .
data warehousing
integrated marketing management
database software
data warehouse appliances
enterprise analytics
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110502145635.txt.gz
TIME:20110502145635
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Teradata Corporation ("Teradata" or the "Company") was held on April 26, 2011. At the Annual Meeting, the holders of a total of 140,937,514 shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote were present in person or represented by proxy, constituting approximately 83.68% of the total shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders voted on four matters: a proposal to elect Nancy E. Cooper, David E. Kepler and William S. Stavropoulos as Class I directors, an advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation (a "say-on-pay" vote), an advisory (non-binding) vote on the frequency of say-on-pay votes, and a proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2011. The number of shares voted with respect to each matter required to be reported herein was certified by an independent inspector of elections and is set forth below:
1. Election of Class I Directors for three-year terms expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders and to hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified:
 
2. An advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation.
 
3. An advisory (non-binding) vote on frequency of say-on-pay vote.
 
Based on these results, Teradata's Board of Directors has determined that the Company will hold an advisory (non-binding) shareholder vote on the compensation of its executives every year.
4. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for 2011.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110505073741.txt.gz
TIME:20110505073741
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 5, 2011, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2011 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on May 5, 2011
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) reported revenue of $506 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2011, an increase of 18 percent from $429 million in 2010. The first quarter revenue comparison included 2 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
ATLANTA
(1)
Included in Teradata's results reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the first quarter of 2011 was $6 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments in connection with the acquisition of Aprimo, Inc. (Aprimo), $7 million of transaction, integration and reorganization costs, $3 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and $9 million of stock-based compensation expense. Teradata's 2010 first quarter results included $5 million of stock-based compensation expense.
Gross margin in the first quarter was 54.3 percent compared to 55.0 percent in the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the items mentioned above, gross margin was 55.7 percent in the first quarter of 2011, an increase from 55.2 percent in the first quarter of 2010.
(2)
The increase in non-GAAP gross margin from the strong prior-year period resulted from an increase in product gross margin, which was somewhat offset by a decrease in consulting services gross margin as Teradata invests to grow its consulting services business to meet market demand.
Net income reported for the first quarter of 2011 was $65 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, which compared to net income of $67 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the special items, non-GAAP EPS was $0.48 in the first quarter of 2011, versus $0.41 in the first quarter of 2010.
(2)
"Teradata is off to a strong start in 2011 with first quarter revenue growth of 18 percent," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "Corporations are faced with the challenge of managing and extracting value from data that continues to grow exponentially. In addition, the new data elements coming from sources such as web interactions, social media, mobile computing, and sensors are providing new opportunities for businesses to innovate and compete with analytics. This is placing extreme requirements on data warehouses to scale and manage complexity like we have never seen before - which is where Teradata excels."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $307 million of revenue in its Americas region in the first quarter of 2011, up 22 percent from $252 million in the first quarter of 2010. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the Americas by 1 percentage point in the first quarter.
 (1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the first quarter of 2011 was 57.0 percent, versus 57.9 percent achieved in the first quarter of 2010. The gross margin decline from the strong prior-year period resulted from lower consulting margin due to headcount additions to meet increased demand, which was offset in part by higher product margin as compared to the first quarter of 2010.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the first quarter of 2011 was $125 million, up 18 percent from $106 million generated in the first quarter of 2010. Currency translation benefited the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 3 percentage points.
 (1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the first quarter of 2011 was 56.0 percent, up from 53.8 percent reported in the first quarter of 2010 due to a higher product gross margin, which was offset somewhat by lower consulting gross margin resulting from head count additions to meet increased demand.
Teradata generated $74 million of revenue in its APJ region in the first quarter of 2011, a 4 percent increase from $71 million in the first quarter of 2010. The revenue comparison in the APJ region benefited by 7 percentage points from currency translation.
 (1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the first quarter of 2011 was 40.5 percent, compared to 46.5 percent in the first quarter of 2010. Gross margin declined in the quarter due to a greater proportion of services revenue (as compared to product revenue) which has a lower gross margin than product revenue, as well as lower consulting margins, versus the prior-year period.
Operating Income
First-quarter operating income of $91 million improved from $86 million reported in the first quarter of 2010. Excluding the items previously mentioned, non-GAAP operating income increased 27 percent to $116 million.
(2)
In the quarter, higher revenue more than offset increased investment in selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense, as well as the inclusion of Aprimo operating expenses.
Other Items
The effective income tax rate in the first quarter of 2011 was 28 percent, which compared to a 22 percent tax rate in the prior-year period. The tax rate in the first quarter of 2010 benefited from the recognition of certain foreign net operating loss carry-forwards resulting from an audit settlement in the first quarter of 2010.
Cash Flow
During the first quarter of 2011, Teradata generated $106 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $138 million in the prior-year period. The decrease in cash from
operating activities was primarily due to the timing of transactional activity. Capital expenditures in the first quarter totaled $27 million compared to $21 million in the first quarter of 2010. Teradata generated $79 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for property and equipment and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the first quarter of 2011, versus $117 million in the same period in 2010.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the first quarter of 2011 with $778 million in cash and short-term investments, a $105 million decrease from December 31, 2010. As of March 31, 2011, Teradata had total debt of $300 million under its revolving credit facility.
On January 21, 2011, Teradata completed its acquisition of Aprimo and funded the purchase by using $200 million of net cash and by drawing-down the full $300 million borrowing capacity from the Company's existing revolving credit facility.
Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, Teradata completed its acquisition of Aster Data Systems, Inc (Aster Data) on April 5, 2011. Teradata funded the purchase of Aster Data by utilizing funds from a new $300 million long-term loan facility, which is not reflected in the Teradata's balance sheet as of March 31, 2011.
Also subsequent to March 31, 2011, the Company repaid $280 million of the $300 million previously drawn on the revolving credit facility largely from cash collected from accounts receivables in April.
2011 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its expectation for full-year 2011 revenue growth to 14-16 percent. Teradata anticipates that currency fluctuations will benefit the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 4 percentage points, based on currency rates on April 29, 2011.
GAAP earnings per share in 2011 is expected to be in the $1.76 to $1.86 range. Due to Teradata's increased expectation for full-year revenue growth, the company now expects it will be able to more than absorb the anticipated $0.03 of EPS dilution from the acquisition of Aster Data and therefore is increasing its prior 2011 non-GAAP EPS guidance to $2.13 to $2.23. Teradata excludes estimated purchase accounting adjustments, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, as well as transaction, integration and reorganization costs to arrive at non-GAAP earnings per share.
2011 First-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET)to discuss the company's first-quarter 2011 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leader in and through its , , and . For more information, visit .
data warehousing
integrated marketing management
database software
data warehouse appliances
enterprise analytics
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
Schedule E of this earnings release, as well as the following table reconciles Teradata's actual and projected results and earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS, gross margin and operating income excluding certain items, internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allows investors a view to the company's operating results during the integration period of the acquisitions of Aprimo and Aster Data, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products
and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20110804080346.txt.gz
TIME:20110804080346
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On August 4, 2011, the Company issued a press release setting forth its second quarter 2011 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on August 4, 2011
 
 
 
 
 
 (NYSE: TDC) reported revenue of $581 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, an increase of 24 percent from $470 million in 2010. The second quarter revenue comparison included 6 percentage points of benefit from currency translation.
ATLANTA
Teradata Corporation
(1)
A number of special items were included in Teradata's results reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the second quarter of 2011, including $28 million of gains from equity investments, which offset $6 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; $9 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $10 million of transaction, integration and reorganization costs; and $8 million of stock-based compensation expense. Included in the prior year quarter's results was $6 million of stock-based compensation expense.
Gross margin in the second quarter was 54.4 percent compared to 57.0 percent in the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the special items mentioned above, gross margin was 55.9 percent in the second quarter of 2011, compared to 57.0 percent in the second quarter of 2010.
(2)
The decrease in non-GAAP gross margin from the strong prior-year period resulted from a significant increase in consulting services revenue which generates lower gross margin than product revenue.
Net income reported for the second quarter of 2011 was $103 million, or $0.60 per diluted share, which compared to net income of $74 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the special items, non-GAAP EPS was $0.60 in the second quarter of 2011, versus $0.46 in the second quarter of 2010.
(2)
"Teradata has been executing well on our growth strategies, which led to 21 percent revenue growth in the first half of 2011, as well as the highest number of new customer additions in the last ten years," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "Today's market dynamics favor Teradata, as companies strive to work with increasing volumes and complexities of data to gain new insights for competitive advantage. The Teradata team remains relentlessly focused on serving our customers, accelerating growth, and extending our leadership positions in data warehousing and integrated marketing."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $339 million of revenue in its Americas region in the second quarter of 2011, up 21 percent from $281 million in the second quarter of 2010. Currency translation benefited revenue growth in the Americas by 1 percentage point in the second quarter.
(1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the second quarter of 2011 was 57.2 percent, versus 60.9 percent achieved in the second quarter of 2010. The decrease in reported gross margin from the strong prior-year period resulted from a significant increase in consulting services revenue which generates lower gross margin than product revenue, as well as lower product gross margin due to deal mix and increased amortization of capitalized software development cost and acquired technology.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the second quarter of 2011 was $145 million, up 34 percent from $108 million generated in the second quarter of 2010. Currency translation benefited the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 14 percentage points.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the second quarter of 2011 was 52.4 percent, versus 52.8 percent reported in the second quarter of 2010, primarily due to the greater proportion of consulting revenue as compared to the prior-year period.
Teradata generated $97 million of revenue in its APJ region in the second quarter of 2011, a 20 percent increase from $81 million in the second quarter of 2010. The revenue comparison in the APJ region benefited by 12 percentage points from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the second quarter of 2011 was 47.4 percent, compared to 49.4 percent in the second quarter of 2010, as lower services margins were offset in part by a greater proportion of product revenue as compared to the second quarter of 2010.
Operating Income
Second-quarter operating income of $110 million improved from $106 million reported in the second quarter of 2010. Excluding the items previously mentioned, non-GAAP operating income increased 28 percent to $143 million.
(2)
In the quarter, higher revenue more than offset increased selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense, as well as the inclusion of Aprimo and Aster Data ongoing operating expenses.
Other Items
Other Income of a net $27 million in the quarter included the benefit of $28 million of gains from equity investments.
The effective income tax rate in the second quarter of 2011 was 25 percent, which compared to a 30 percent tax rate in the prior-year period. The lower tax rate in the second quarter of 2011 resulted from a non-taxable equity gain related to Aster Data and a lower mix of U.S.-based earnings, compared to the percentage of income generated internationally.
Cash Flow
During the second quarter of 2011, Teradata generated $179 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $62 million in the prior-year period. The increase in cash from operating activities was primarily benefited from collections of receivables. Capital expenditures in the second quarter totaled $33 million compared to $23 million in the second quarter of 2010. Teradata generated $146 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for property and equipment and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the second quarter of 2011, versus $39 million in the same period in 2010.
During the first six months of 2011, Teradata generated $285 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $200 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first half of 2011 were $60 million, compared to $44 million in the same period in 2010. During the first six months of 2011, Teradata generated $225 million of free cash flow, versus $156 million in the same period in 2010.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the second quarter of 2011 with $682 million in cash and short-term investments, a $96 million decrease from March 31, 2011, primarily due to acquisition and share
repurchase activity. During the quarter Teradata used $38 million to repurchase approximately 720,000 shares.
As of June 30, 2011, Teradata had total debt of $300 million outstanding under a new 5-year term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, however had no borrowings related to the credit facility as of June 30, 2011.
2011 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its expectation for full-year 2011 revenue growth to 18-20 percent. Teradata anticipates that currency fluctuations will benefit the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 4 percentage points, based on currency rates on July 29, 2011.
GAAP earnings per share in 2011 is expected to be in the $1.91 to $1.99 range. Teradata is increasing its expectation for full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance to $2.20 to $2.28.
(2)
Teradata excludes gains from equity investments, estimated purchase accounting adjustments, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, as well as transaction, integration and reorganization costs to arrive at non-GAAP earnings per share.
2011 Second-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's second-quarter 2011 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: ) is the world's largest company focused on raising intelligence through data warehousing, big data analytics and integrated marketing management. Our customers trust Teradata's innovative products and services expertise to deliver measurable business value. Please visit for details.
TDC
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS, gross margin and operating income, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allows investors a view to the company's operating results during the integration period of the acquisitions of Aprimo and Aster Data, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Earnings Per Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
(b) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(c) Operating Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20111103082103.txt.gz
TIME:20111103082103
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On November 3, 2011, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2011 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (NYSE: TDC) reported revenue of $602 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, an increase of 23 percent from $489 million in the third quarter of 2010. The year-over-year comparison was benefited by approximately 4 percentage points from currency translation.
ATLANTA
Teradata Corporation
(1)
Special items were included in Teradata's results reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) for the third quarter of 2011, including $6 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $4 million of transaction, integration and reorganization costs; $3 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; and $8 million of stock-based compensation expense. Included in the prior year quarter's results was $7 million of stock-based compensation expense.
Gross margin in the third quarter was 54.5 percent compared to 57.1 percent in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the special items mentioned above, gross margin was 55.4 percent in the third quarter of 2011, compared to 57.3 percent in the third quarter of 2010.
(2)
The decrease in non-GAAP gross margin from the strong prior-year period resulted from a significant increase in our third quarter 2010 consulting services revenue which generates lower gross margin than product revenue. Product gross margin was also lower than the record high product gross margin generated in the third quarter of 2010, which more than offset improved services gross margin in the third quarter of 2011.
Net income reported for the third quarter of 2011 was $87 million, or $0.51 per diluted share, which compared to net income of $75 million, or $0.44 per diluted share, in
the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the special items, non-GAAP EPS was $0.59 in the third quarter of 2011, versus $0.46 in the third quarter of 2010.
(2) 
"We continued to deliver strong operating results in the third quarter, growing revenue 23 percent and earnings per share 28 percent. Based on this performance, we are raising our full-year guidance for both revenue and earnings per share," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"Teradata's industry-leading data warehousing, big data analytics, and integrated marketing management solutions are in demand as companies look to cost effectively manage the data explosion and extract new insights from both traditional and new types of data.
"As a result of our growth and continued adoption by new and existing customers we are raising our full year 2011 GAAP earnings per share to the $1.98 to $2.03 range and full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance to the $2.25 to $2.30 range."
(2)
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $375 million of revenue in its Americas region in the third quarter of 2011, up 28 percent from $292 million in the third quarter of 2010. Currency translation did not affect revenue growth in the Americas in the third quarter.
(1)
Gross margin in the Americas region in the third quarter of 2011 was 59.5 percent, versus the record high 61.6 percent achieved in the third quarter of 2010. The decrease in reported gross margin from the strong prior-year period resulted from lower product gross margin due to deal mix and increased amortization of capitalized software development cost and acquired technology.
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the third quarter of 2011 was $133 million, up 22 percent from $109 million generated in the third quarter of 2010. Currency translation benefited the revenue comparison in the EMEA region by 8 percentage points.
(1)
Gross margin in the EMEA region in the third quarter of 2011 was 46.6 percent, versus 51.4 percent reported in the third quarter of 2010, primarily due to the greater proportion of consulting revenue as compared to the prior-year period, as well as lower
product gross margin due to deal mix and increased amortization of capitalized software development cost and acquired technology.
Teradata generated $94 million of revenue in its APJ region in the third quarter of 2011, a 7 percent increase from $88 million in the third quarter of 2010. The revenue comparison in the APJ region benefited by 9 percentage points from currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin in the APJ region in the third quarter of 2011 was 45.7 percent, compared to 48.9 percent in the third quarter of 2010. The gross margin decline was driven primarily by strong growth in consulting revenues which generate lower gross margin, as well as from lower product margins.
Operating Income
Third-quarter operating income of $122 million improved from $106 million reported in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the items previously mentioned, non-GAAP operating income increased 27 percent to $143 million.
(2)
In the quarter, higher revenue more than offset increased selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense, which now include ongoing operating expenses from recent acquisitions. On a non-GAAP basis, operating margin improved to 23.6 percent, versus 23.1 percent in the third quarter of 2010.
(2)
 
Cash Flow
During the third quarter of 2011, Teradata generated $102 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $65 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the third quarter totaled $27 million compared to $18 million in the third quarter of 2010. Teradata generated $75 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures for property and equipment and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the third quarter of 2011, a 60 percent increase from $47 million in the same period in 2010.
During the first nine months of 2011, Teradata generated $387 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $265 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2011 were $87 million, compared to $62 million in the same period in 2010. During the first nine months of 2011, Teradata generated $300 million of free cash flow, a 48 percent increase from $203 million in the same period in 2010.
(3)
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the third quarter of 2011 with $691 million in cash, a $9 million increase from June 30, 2011, as cash generated during the quarter more than offset $57 million of cash Teradata used in the third quarter to repurchase approximately 1.1 million shares of its publicly-traded stock.
As of September 30, 2011, Teradata had total debt of $300 million outstanding under a 5-year term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million of funds available through a pre-arranged credit facility, but had no borrowings related to the credit facility as of September 30, 2011.
2011 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its expectation for full-year 2011 revenue growth to 19-21 percent. Teradata anticipates that currency fluctuations will benefit the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 3 percentage points, based on currency rates on October 31, 2011.
Teradata is also increasing its expectation for full-year 2011 GAAP earnings per share to the $1.98 to $2.03 range and full-year non-GAAP EPS guidance to the $2.25 to $2.30 range.
(2)
 Teradata excludes gains from equity investments, estimated purchase accounting adjustments, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, stock-based compensation expense, as well as transaction, integration and reorganization costs to arrive at non-GAAP earnings per share.
2011 Third-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's third-quarter 2011 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver integration and insight to empower organizations to achieve competitive advantage. Visit teradata.com for details.
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as EPS, gross margin and operating income, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view to the company's operating results during the integration period of the acquisitions of Aprimo and Aster Data, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
Schedule B
 
Schedule C
 
Schedule D
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120209072013.txt.gz
TIME:20120209072013
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 9, 2012, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter and full-year 2011 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on February 9, 2012
Teradata Announces 2011 Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $673 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, an increase of 23 percent from $548 million in 2010.
ATLANTA
For the full-year 2011, revenue was $2.362 billion, a 22 percent increase from $1.936 billion in 2010. The fourth-quarter revenue comparison was not impacted by currency translation, while the full-year comparison was benefited by 3 percentage points.
(1)
Stock-based compensation expense and a number of special items (primarily acquisition-related) had a net impact of $46 million on Teradata's 2011 net income as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
Gross margin in the fourth quarter of 55.6 percent was roughly the same as the 55.7 percent reported in the fourth quarter of 2010. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the special items and stock-based compensation expense described in footnote #2 below,
(2
)
fourth-quarter gross margin was 56.5 percent, an improvement from 55.8 percent in the fourth quarter of 2010. The increase in non-GAAP gross margin resulted from a favorable deal mix and leverage from increased product revenue, as well as improved consulting margins as compared to the prior-year period. Gross margin for full year 2011 was 54.7 percent, versus 56.2 percent in 2010. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the special items described below, 2011 full-year non-GAAP gross margin was 55.9 percent, versus 56.4 percent for the full-year 2010. The decline in non-GAAP gross margin for the full year resulted from a higher mix of consulting revenue.
Teradata reported fourth-quarter net income under GAAP of $98 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $85 million, or $0.50 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year 2011, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $353 million, or $2.05 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $301 million or $1.77 per diluted share, for the full year 2010. Excluding stock compensation expense and the special items described below, non-GAAP net income in the fourth quarter of 2011 was $113 million, or $0.66 per diluted share, versus $90 million, or $0.53 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2010.
(2)
Full-year non-GAAP net income was $399 million, or $2.32 per diluted share in 2011, compared to $317 million, or $1.86 per diluted share in 2010.
(2)
"Teradata finished the year strong, resulting in our best quarter and best year ever. Both the fourth quarter and full-year 2011 were records for the company on a number of metrics including revenue growth rate, non-GAAP product gross margin and operating margin rates which resulted in 25 percent growth in non-GAAP earnings per share for both the quarter and the year. We also added the highest number of new customers for both a quarter and a year," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer, Teradata Corporation.
"Many corporations have established analytics as a top priority over the past several years. However, faced with today's accelerating data volumes and new types of data, more corporations are coming to the realization that big data and analytics are much more challenging, and also an opportunity to gain competitive advantage from insights from new data sources such as mobile, sensors, and social networks. Teradata works closely with our customers to provide the optimal data strategy, architecture and technology necessary to manage these challenges, and cost effectively create new insights from all their data to win in the market place."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $415 million of revenue in its Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2011, up 22 percent from $341 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year, revenue in the Americas region increased 23 percent to $1.436 billion in 2011, up from $1.166 billion in 2010. Currency translation had no impact on the quarterly or annual revenue comparisons for the Americas region.
(1)
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region in the fourth quarter of 2011 was $145 million, up 22 percent from $119 million generated in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the full year 2011, revenue in the EMEA region increased 24 percent to $548 million. Currency translation did not impact the revenue comparison in EMEA for the quarter, but did benefit the annual comparison in EMEA by 6 percentage points.
(1)
Teradata generated $113 million of revenue in its APJ region in the fourth quarter of 2011, a 28 percent increase from $88 million in the fourth quarter of 2010.
For the full year 2011, revenue in the APJ region grew 15 percent to $378 million. Currency translation benefited the reported revenue growth in the APJ region by 2 percentage points in the fourth quarter and 7 percentage points for the year.
(1)
Operating Income
Fourth-quarter operating income of $133 million increased from $117 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2010. On a non-GAAP basis, fourth quarter operating income of $155 million increased 24 percent from the fourth quarter of 2010.
(2)
Full-year operating income was $456 million in 2011, versus $415 million in 2010. On a non-GAAP basis, full-year operating income was $557 million, a 26 percent increase from $441 million in 2010.
(2)
For both the quarter and full year, higher revenue more than offset the increased investment in selling expense and research and development expense.
Cash Flow
During the fourth quarter of 2011, Teradata generated $126 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $148 million in the prior-year period. Capital expenditures in the fourth quarter totaled $23 million compared to $21 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Teradata generated $103 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
 in the fourth quarter of 2011, versus $127 million in the same period in 2010.
For the full year, cash from operating activities was $513 million, versus $413 million generated in 2010. Capital expenditures in 2011 totaled $110 million compared to $83 million in 2010. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year was $403 million, a 22 percent increase from $330 million generated in 2010.
(3)
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended 2011 with $772 million in cash, an $81 million increase from September 30, 2011, and a $111 million decrease from December 31, 2010. During 2011, the company repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares for $127 million.
As of December 31, 2011, Teradata had total debt of $300 million outstanding under a 5-year term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
Share Repurchase Authorization
Teradata's Board of Directors has approved a new authorization to repurchase a total of $300 million of the company's shares under its general open market share repurchase program. The program, which was initially established in February 2008 and was set to expire on February 10, 2012, has been extended for an additional three-year period now expiring in February 2015. As of January 31, 2012, the Company had purchased a total of 18.2 million shares of its common stock investing approximately $475 million of the $550 million that was previously authorized under this program.
2012 Outlook
In 2012, Teradata expects revenue to increase approximately 10 to 12 percent from the revenue it generated in 2011. Teradata anticipates that currency translation will negatively impact the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 1 percentage point, based on currency rates on January 31, 2012.
GAAP earnings per share in 2012 is expected to be in the $2.27 to $2.37 range. Excluding special items associated with 2011 acquisitions (which include the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, estimated purchase accounting adjustments, and transaction and integration costs) as well as stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the $2.56 to $2.66 range.
(2)
2011 Fourth-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's fourth-quarter and full-year 2011 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to achieve competitive advantage. Visit teradata.com for details.
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
In 2011, a number of special items were included in Teradata's results reported under GAAP. For the fourth quarter of 2011, Teradata's non-GAAP results as reported in this release included $6 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $4 million of transaction, integration and reorganization costs; $2 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; and $10 million of stock-based compensation expense. For the full-year results for 2011, Teradata's non-GAAP results as reported in this release included $24 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $25 million of transaction, integration and reorganization costs; $17 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; $28 million of gains on equity investments; and $35 million of stock-based compensation expense. Included in Teradata's 2010 results was $8 million of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter and $26 million for the full-year.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and earnings per diluted share, or EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view to the company's operating results during the integration period of the acquisitions of Aprimo and Aster Data, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(b) Operating Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(c) Net Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(d) Earnings Per Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120426172956.txt.gz
TIME:20120426172956
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) . On April 20, 2012, the stockholders of Teradata Corporation (the "Company" or "Teradata"), upon recommendation of the Teradata Board of Directors (the "Board"), approved the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2012 SIP"). The 2012 SIP replaces the Teradata Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2007 SIP"). No further awards will be made under the 2007 SIP; however, awards granted under the 2007 SIP prior to stockholder approval of the 2012 SIP will remain outstanding in accordance with their terms. The 2012 SIP is described in our 2012 Proxy Statement, and the full text of the 2012 SIP, attached as Appendix A to our 2012 Proxy Statement, is incorporated herein by reference.
2012 Stock Incentive Plan
. At its meeting on April 19, 2012, the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board approved the forms of stock option agreement, restricted share unit agreement and performance-based restricted share unit agreement to be used in connection with awards made under the 2012 SIP. Copies of the forms of these agreements are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, and 10.4, respectively, and hereby incorporated by reference.
Form of Award Agreements
 
On January 31, 2012, the Board approved the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (the "Amended By-Laws"), to become effective April 20, 2012. Certain of such amendments (the "Conditional Amendments") were subject to and were to become effective only upon the approval of amendments to the Company's certificate of incorporation by the Company's stockholders at the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on April 20, 2012. The proposed amendments to the Company's certificate of incorporation, which required the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of the outstanding common stock, were not approved at the annual meeting. Accordingly, the adoption of the Amended By-Laws, without the Conditional Amendments, became effective as of April 20, 2012 (the "Effective Date").
Pursuant to the changes to the Amended By-Laws that were adopted as of the Effective Date, the Board:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the Amended By-Laws that were adopted as of the Effective Date, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
Teradata's Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") was held on April 20, 2012. At the Annual Meeting, the holders of a total of 141,513,749 shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote were present in person or represented by proxy, constituting approximately 84.1% of the total shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders voted on four matters: a proposal to elect Michael F. Koehler, James M. Ringler and John G. Schwarz as Class II directors, a proposal to approve the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, a proposal to approve the Teradata Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, an advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation (a "say-on-pay" vote), the approval of an amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation to provide for the annual election of directors, and a proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2012. The number of shares voted with respect to each matter required to be reported herein was certified by an independent inspector of elections and is set forth below:
1. Election of Class II Directors for three-year terms expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and to hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified:
 
2. The approval of the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan.
 
3. The approval of the Teradata Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated.
 
4. An advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation.
 
5. The approval of an amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation to provide for the annual election of directors.
 
6. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for 2012.
 
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
Section 1. . The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.
Registered Office
Section 2. . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.
Other Offices
Section 1. . Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Place of Meetings
Section 2. . The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting of stockholders.
Annual Meetings
Subject to the other provisions of these By-Laws,
Section 3. . Unless otherwise required by law or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and restated from time to time (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called by either the (i) Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, or (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, and shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer at the request in writing made pursuant to a resolution of (a) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors or (b) a committee of the Board of Directors that has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority include the power to call such meetings. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. The ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders is hereby specifically denied. At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall be specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto).
Special Meetings
Section 4. . Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed present in person and vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, written notice of any meeting shall be given either personally, by mail or by electronic transmission (if permitted under the circumstances by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL")) not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. If notice is given by means of electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed to be given at the times provided in the DGCL.
Notice
notice of and to
as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting
Section 5. . Any meeting of the stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, If after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of adjourned meeting in accordance with Section and
Adjournments
or
a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
for stockholders entitled to vote
the Board of Directors shall fix a new record date for
the
such
the requirements of
4 hereof shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to notice of
213 of DGCL,
to vote at the meeting.
shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting.
Section 6. . Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority of the voting power of the Corporation's capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, either the chairman of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 5 hereof, until a quorum shall be present or represented. A quorum, once established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum.
Quorum
Section 7. . Unless otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any question brought before any meeting of the stockholders,
Voting
 
other than the election of directors, shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such question, voting as a single class. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder represented at a meeting of the stockholders shall be entitled to cast one (1) vote for each share of the capital stock entitled to vote thereat held by such stockholder. Such votes may be cast in person or by proxy as in Section 8 of this Article II. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, or the officer of the Corporation presiding at a meeting of the stockholders, in such officer's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot.
provided
permitted
Section 8. . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such manner by ) by the stockholder, or by his or her duly authorized attorney in fact.
Proxies
granted
other
prescribed
permitted
the DGCL
applicable law
Section 9. . Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and, as specified by the Certificate of Incorporation, the ability of the stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action is specifically denied.
No Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting
Section 10. . The officer of the Corporation who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting.
List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote
provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date,
Nothing contained in this paragraph shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list.
a list of stockholders entitled to vote at
list
meeting
Section 11. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of
Record Date
or to vote at
the
 
Directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for
If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination.
or
and
the
the
the adjourned meeting.
determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph at the adjourned meeting.
Section 12. . The stock ledger of the Corporation shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by Section 10 of this Article II or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders.
Stock Ledger
Section 13. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall act as chairman of meetings of the stockholders. The Board of Directors may designate any other officer or director of the Corporation to act as chairman of any meeting in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors may further provide for determining who shall act as chairman of any stockholders meeting in the absence of the Chairman and such designee. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of any meeting of the stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of the stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) the determination of when the polls shall open and close for any given matter to be voted on at the meeting; (iii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iv) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (v) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (vi) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another place, date and time.
Organization and Conduct of Meetings
Section 14. . In advance of any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors, by resolution, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One
Inspectors of Election
 
or more other persons may be designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the Corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector's ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by applicable law.
Section 15. . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (a) specified in the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (b) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (c) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (i) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 15 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such annual meeting, (ii) who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (iii) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 15. In addition to the other requirements set forth herein, a stockholder may not transact any business at an annual meeting unless (A) such stockholder, and any beneficial owner on whose behalf such business is proposed, acted in a manner consistent with the representation made in the Business Solicitation Representation, as defined herein and (B) such business is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business (other than business included in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (such act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Exchange Act")) at an annual meeting of stockholders.
Nature of Business at Meetings of Stockholders
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days before or more than days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever mailing or public disclosure occurs first. In no event shall an adjournment of an annual meeting, or a postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public disclosure thereof, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. For purposes of
provided
however
60
30
this Section
 
, (x) the term "public disclosure" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and (y) the Corporation's annual meeting in 2007 shall be deemed to have occurred on April 26, 2007.
15 and Section 16
these By-Laws
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each matter such stockholder and such beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf such proposal is made (each, a "party") proposes to bring before the annual meeting a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and address of each such party, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party (B) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or otherwise (a "Derivative Instrument") directly or indirectly owned beneficially by each such party, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (C) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, (D) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 15 a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (E) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (F) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which either party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (G) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that each such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such party's immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (iii) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of each such party in such business, (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting and (vi) a representation (a "Business Solicitation Representation") whether or not either party will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to the holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to adopt such proposed business.
,
 
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 15. If the chairman of an annual meeting determines that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before the meeting and such business shall not be transacted.
Section 16. . Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (a) who is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 16 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, (b) who is entitled to vote at such meeting and (c) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 16. In addition to the other requirements set forth herein, a stockholder may not present a nominee for election at an annual or special meeting unless such stockholder, and any beneficial owner on whose behalf such nomination is made, acted in a manner consistent with the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Representation, as defined herein. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (ii) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations for director election at a meeting of stockholders (except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation with respect to the right, if any, of holders of preferred stock of the Corporation to nominate and elect a specified number of directors in certain circumstances).
Nomination of Directors
In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation.
To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days before or more than days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the meeting was made, whichever mailing or public disclosure occurs first; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the special meeting was made, whichever occurs first. In no event shall an adjournment of an annual or special meeting, or a postponement of such a meeting for which
provided
however
60
30
 
notice has been given, or the public disclosure thereof, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public disclosure naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation on or before the tenth day before a stockholder's notice of nomination must be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the preceding paragraph, a stockholder's notice required by this Section shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day after the day on which such public disclosure is first made by the Corporation.
To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (a) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (b) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (c) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock (if any) of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by the person and (d) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors required pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf such nomination is made (each, a "party") (a) the name and address of each such party, (b)(1) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record by each such party, (2) any Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by each such party, and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (3) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which either party has a right to vote, directly or indirectly, any shares of any security of the Corporation, (4) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by each such party (for purposes of this Section 16, a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (5) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially directly or indirectly by each such party that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which either party is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner and (7) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that each such party is directly or indirectly entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, as of the date of such notice, including without limitation any such interests held by members of each such party's immediate family sharing the same household (which information set forth in this clause (b) shall be supplemented by such stockholder or such beneficial owner, as the case may be, not later than ten (10) days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such ownership as of the record date); (c) a description of all arrangements or understandings between each such party and each
 
proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made, (d) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice, (e) a representation (a "Nominee Solicitation Representation") whether either party will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such party to elect its nominee or nominees and (f) any other information relating to each such party that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected.
,
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 16. If the chairman of the meeting determines that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 15 and this Section 16, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in such sections. Nothing in such sections shall be deemed to affect any rights (i) of to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or (ii) the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors under specified circumstances.
stockholders
any record or beneficial owner of stock
Section 1. . The number of members of the Board of Directors shall be fixed, from time to time, exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors, subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, if any. Except as provided in Section 2 of this Article III, other than in a Contested Election of Directors (as defined below), directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. In a Contested Election of Directors, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors. The term "Contested Election of Directors" shall mean an annual or special meeting of the Corporation with respect to which (i) the Secretary of the Corporation receives a notice that a stockholder has nominated or intends to nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors in compliance with the advance notice requirements for stockholder nominees for director set forth in Article II, Section 16 of these By-Laws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or prior to the tenth day before the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders. Stockholders shall be entitled to cast votes "against" nominees for director unless plurality voting applies in the election of directors.
Number and Election of Directors
 
A director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and thereafter until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors need not be stockholders. The directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the members of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The term of the initial Class I directors shall terminate on the date of the 2008 annual meeting; the term of the initial Class II directors shall terminate on the date of the 2009 annual meeting; and the term of the initial Class III directors shall terminate on the date of the 2010 annual meeting. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2008, successors to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Section 2. . Subject to the terms of any one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy on the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, that a quorum is present, and any other vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of the Board of Directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for a term that shall coincide with the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor.
Vacancies
to applicable law and
only
provided
only
, whether
or otherwise,
Section 3. . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.
Duties and Powers
Section 4. . The Board of Directors may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman, if there be one, or the Chief Executive Officer or a majority of the entire Board of Directors, and shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as they or he or she shall specify. Notice thereof stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each director either by mail posted not less than five (5) days before the date of the meeting, by telephone, email, facsimile or telegram or other means of electronic communication delivered or sent not less than twelve (12) hours before the date and time of the meeting, or on such shorter notice as the person or persons calling such meeting may deem necessary or appropriate in the
Meetings
 
circumstances. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting, irrespective of whether such business is set forth in such notice.
Section 5. . At each meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, in his or her absence, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at each meeting of the Board of Directors. In case the Secretary shall be absent from any meeting of the Board of Directors, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of secretary at such meeting; and in the absence from any such meeting of the Secretary and all the Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 6. . Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time, by giving notice in writing to the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time therein specified or upon the conditions therein specified or, if no time or conditions are specified, immediately; and, unless otherwise specified in such notice, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Except as otherwise required by applicable law and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of shares of preferred stock then outstanding, any may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the Corporation's then outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Resignations and Removals of Directors
director or the entire Board of Directors
or all of the directors of the Corporation
Section 7. . Except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time and place of the adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present.
Quorum
Section 8. . Unless otherwise the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.
Actions of the Board by Written Consent
provided in
restricted by
or these By-Laws
,
the
or by electronic transmission
or electronic transmission or transmissions
,
. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form
Section 9. . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear
Meetings by Means of Conference Telephone
 
each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 9 shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Section 10. . The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of any such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, and in the absence of a designation by the Board of Directors of an alternate member to replace the absent or disqualified member, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any committee, to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution establishing such committee, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each committee shall keep regular minutes and report to the Board of Directors when required.
Committees
A majority of any committee may determine its and fix the time and place of its meetings, unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide. Notice of such meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 4 of this Article. The Board of Directors shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent the Board of Directors from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation; , , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board of Directors.
action
procedures
provided
however
Section 11. . The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for service as director, payable in cash or securities. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed compensation for service as committee members.
Compensation
like
No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.
Section 12. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because any such director's or officer's vote is counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the
Interested Directors
 
Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (ii) the material facts as to the director's or officer's relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.
Section 1. . The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall be a Chief Executive Officer, President, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Board of Directors, in its discretion, also may choose a Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director), a Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors (who must be a director) and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such other officers as the Board of Directors from time to time may deem proper. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. The officers of the Corporation need not be stockholders of the Corporation nor, except in the case of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, need such officers be directors of the Corporation.
General
Section 2. . The Board of Directors, at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders, as necessary, shall elect the officers of the Corporation who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; and each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until such officer's successor is elected and qualified, or until such officer's earlier death, resignation or removal. Any officer may be removed at any time by the Board of Directors or, except in the case of an officer elected by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors. The salaries of all officers of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
Election
No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan.
Section 3. . Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chief Executive Officer, President or any Vice President or any other officer authorized to do so by the Board of Directors and any such officer may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by
Voting Securities Owned by the Corporation
 
proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed if present. The Board of Directors may, by resolution, from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons.
Section 4. . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
stockholders and of the
Section 5. . The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall assume all of the duties of the Chairman of the Board of Directors assigned by these By-Laws in the event of the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Section 6. . The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer execute all bonds, mortgages, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except that the other officers of the Corporation may sign and execute documents when so authorized by these By-Laws, the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall also perform such other duties and may exercise such other powers as may from time to time be assigned to such officer by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors.
Chief Executive Officer
shall
may
or permitted
, employees and agents
by or in accordance with a resolution adopted by
by or in accordance with a resolution adopted by
Section 7. . At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon such office. The President shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors from time to time may prescribe, and shall, in general, have such other duties and responsibilities as are assigned consistent with the authority of a President of a corporation.
President
Section 8. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.
Vice Presidents
Section 9. . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings thereat in a book or books to be kept for that purpose; the Secretary shall also perform like duties for committees of the Board of Directors when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall
Secretary
 
perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision the Secretary shall be. If the Secretary shall be unable or shall refuse to cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and if there be no Assistant Secretary, then either the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may choose another officer to cause such notice to be given. The Secretary shall have custody of the seal of the Corporation and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, if there be one, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by the signature of the Secretary or by the signature of any such Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest to the affixing by such officer's signature. The Secretary shall see that all books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept or filed are properly kept or filed, as the case may be.
Section 10. . The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors, at its regular meetings, or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.
Treasurer
Section 11. . Assistant Secretaries, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Secretary, and in the absence of the Secretary or in the event of the Secretary's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Secretary, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.
Assistant Secretaries
Section 12. . Assistant Treasurers, if there be any, shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President, if there be one, or the Treasurer, and in the absence of the Treasurer or in the event of the Treasurer's inability or refusal to act, shall perform the duties of the Treasurer, and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer.
Assistant Treasurers
Section 13. . Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the Corporation the power to choose such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.
Other Officers
The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers, employees or agents, notwithstanding any provision of these By-Laws.
 
Section 1. . Unless otherwise provided by resolution of the Board of Directors, each class or series of the shares of capital stock in the Corporation shall be issued in uncertificated form pursuant to the customary arrangements for issuing shares in such form. Shares shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation by the holder thereof in person or by attorney upon presentment of proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer in accordance with the customary procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form.
Uncertificated Shares
Section 2. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.
Dividend Record Date
Section 3. . The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise required by law.
Record Owners
Section 4. . The Corporation may from time to time maintain one or more transfer offices or agencies and registry offices or agencies at such place or places as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Transfer and Registry Agents
Section 1. . Whenever written notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to be given to any director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors, such notice may be given either personally, by mail, facsimile, telegraph or other means of electronic communication or by other lawful means. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the DGCL.
Notices
Section 2. . Whenever any notice is required by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws to be given to any director, member of a
Waivers of Notice
,
 
committee of the Board of Directors or stockholder, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person or persons entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of stockholders or any regular or special meeting of the directors or a committee of the Board of Directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.
Section 1. . Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the requirements of the DGCL and the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors (or any action by written consent in lieu thereof in accordance with Section 8 of Article III hereof), and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for purchasing any of the shares of capital stock, warrants, rights, options, bonds, debentures, notes, scrip or other securities or evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve.
Dividends
Section 2. . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.
Disbursements
Section 3. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the 31
Fiscal Year
st
day of December in each year, or on such other day as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Section 4. . The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.
Corporate Seal
Section 1. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings other than Those by or in the Right of the Corporation
 
shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that such person's conduct was unlawful.
Section 2. . Subject to Section 3 of this Article VIII, the Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was a director or officer of the Corporation serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise (whether the basis of such action, suit or proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving in such official capacity), against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation; except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the "Delaware Court") or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court or such other court shall deem proper.
Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation
Section 3. . To obtain indemnification under this By-Law, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VIII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances
Authorization of Indemnification
 
because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders. Such determination shall be made, with respect to former directors and officers, by any person or persons having the authority to act on the matter on behalf of the Corporation. To the extent, however, that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith, without the necessity of authorization in the specific case.
Section 4. . Notwithstanding any contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII, and notwithstanding the absence of any determination thereunder, any present or former director or officer may apply to the Delaware Court for indemnification to the extent otherwise permissible under Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII if a claim for indemnification is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation. The basis of such indemnification by the Delaware Court shall be a determination by such court that indemnification of the present or former director or officer is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII, as the case may be. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a defense to such application or create a presumption that the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification has not met any applicable standard of conduct. In any such action, the Corporation shall bear the burden of proving that the present or former director or officer is not entitled to indemnification. Notice of any application for indemnification pursuant to this Section 4 shall be given to the Corporation promptly upon the filing of such application. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful, in whole or in part, the present or former director or officer seeking indemnification shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such application.
Indemnification by a Court
Section 5. . Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a present or former director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VIII. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by other employees or agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Corporation deems appropriate. If a claim for advancement of expenses pursuant hereto is not paid in full within 60 days of a request therefor, a present or former director or officer may bring an action in the Delaware Court to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such
Expenses Payable in Advance
 
action, such person shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of prosecuting such action. The Corporation shall bear the burden of proving that such person is not entitled to an advancement of his or her expenses.
The Corporation may bring an action in the Delaware Court to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, but the Corporation shall bear the burden of establishing that it is entitled to recover such expenses because the present or former director or officer who received such advancement of expenses has not met the applicable standard of conduct for indemnification set forth in Section 1 or 2 (as applicable) of this Article VIII. Neither a contrary determination in the specific case under Section 3 of this Article VIII nor the absence of any determination thereunder shall be a presumption that the present or former director or officer against whom the action is brought has not met any applicable standard of conduct. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if such present or former director or officer is successful in whole or in part in defending any such action, such person shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of defending such suit.
Section 6. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, any statute, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The provisions of this Article VIII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Section 1 or Section 2 of this Article VIII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the DGCL, or otherwise.
Nonexclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
Section 7. . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power or the obligation to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VIII.
Insurance
Section 8. . For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors or officers, so that any person who is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation, or is or was a director or officer of such constituent corporation serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. The term "another enterprise" as used in this Article VIII shall mean any other
Certain Definitions
 
corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent. For purposes of this Article VIII, references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director or officer with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VIII.
Section 9. . The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VIII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. No repeal or modification of this Article VIII shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such repeal or modification.
Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses
Section 10. . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article VIII to the contrary, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification (which shall be governed by Section 4 of this Article VIII) or advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives) or advance expenses in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
Limitation on Indemnification
Section 1. . The affirmative vote of at least a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Corporation's By-Laws. The Corporation's By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon, except that unless approved by a majority of the entire Board of Directors the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the voting power of the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote thereon shall be required to amend, alter, change or repeal, or to adopt any provision as part of these By-Laws inconsistent with the purpose and intent of any provision of any of Article II, Section 3, 9, 13, 15 or 16 or Article III, Section 1, 2 or 6, Article VIII and Article IX of these By-Laws.
Amendments
 
Section 2. . As used in this Article IX and in these By-Laws generally, the term "entire Board of Directors" means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies.
Entire Board of Directors
* * *
Adopted as of:
December 2, 2008
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
You have been granted an option (the "Option") under the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") to purchase from Teradata a number of shares of common stock of Teradata ("Shares") at the price per Share as described on the stock option information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator, subject to the terms and conditions of this Stock Option Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.
1. Your right to exercise this Option will expire on the tenth (10
th
) anniversary (the "Expiration Date") of the date of grant of this Option (the "Date of Grant"), unless sooner terminated due to the termination of your employment as described below. If the Expiration Date falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, it will be deemed to occur on the next following business day.
2. This Option will vest, and the vested Shares ("Option Shares") may be exercised, in equal annual installments (subject to mathematical rounding performed by Teradata's third party Plan administrator) over the four year period commencing on the Date of Grant, such that all of the shares represented by this Option shall be vested on the fourth anniversary of the Date of Grant. This vesting schedule is contingent upon your continuous employment with Teradata or any of its affiliate companies (collectively referred to in this Agreement as "Teradata") as of and until each of the vesting dates. In the event your employment with Teradata terminates prior to the fourth (4
th
) anniversary of the Date of Grant, except as otherwise provided below, this Option will terminate with respect to the then unvested portions.
3. This Option will vest in full if you (a) die while actively employed by Teradata, or (b) cease to be actively employed by Teradata as a result of a disability for which you qualify for benefits from the Teradata Long-Term Disability Plan or another long-term disability plan sponsored by Teradata ("Disability"). In such cases, this Option may be exercised until the later of (x) the third (3
rd
) anniversary of the date of death or Disability, or (y) the Expiration Date.
4. If you voluntarily terminate employment with Teradata due to Retirement (as defined in this Section 4), the unvested portion of this Option will terminate and be forfeited, and the vested portion may be exercised until the earlier of (a) the third (3
rd
) anniversary of your Retirement, or (b) the Expiration Date. For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" means termination by you of employment at or after age 55 other than, if applicable to you, for Good Reason (as described below) following a Change in Control.
5. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs and this Option award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Option shall vest immediately prior to the Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control wherein this Option award is assumed, if Teradata terminates your employment other than for Cause or Disability during the twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control, this Option shall vest in full immediately upon your termination of employment, and the Option shall remain exercisable until the later of (a) the earlier of the one (1) year anniversary of your termination of employment or the Expiration Date, or (b) the applicable date determined under Sections 3 and 4 above. If you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control and you terminate your employment for Good Reason as so defined within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, this Option shall vest immediately upon your termination of employment, and the Option Shares shall remain exercisable until the earlier of (a) the Expiration Date, or (b) the first anniversary of your termination of employment.
6. If your Teradata employment is involuntarily terminated for Cause at any time, this Option will automatically terminate and all unexercised vested and unvested Option Shares will be forfeited and will not be exercisable as of the date of such termination. Further, if your employment is terminated by Teradata for Cause, then, to the extent demanded by the Committee in its sole discretion, you shall (a) return to Teradata all Option Shares that you have not disposed of that have been acquired pursuant to this Agreement, in exchange for payment by Teradata of any amount actually paid by you for the Option Shares; and (b) with respect to any Option Shares acquired pursuant to this Agreement that you have disposed of, pay to Teradata in cash the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of such Option Shares on the date acquired, over (ii) any amount actually paid by you for the Option Shares.
7. In the event of termination of your employment with Teradata for any other reason, including but not limited to reduction-in-force, this Option will automatically terminate, any unvested Option Shares will be forfeited and the vested portion of this Option may be exercised no later than the earlier of (a) the 59
th
day after the date of termination of your employment, or (b) the Expiration Date.
8. In the event that you die after your termination of employment by Teradata, but while this Option remains exercisable, this Option may be exercised, by your beneficiary or heir, until the one (1) year anniversary of the date of your death, regardless of the Expiration Date.
9. By accepting this award, except to the extent that disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant, provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not to disclose it to others. The Option will be forfeited if you violate the terms of this Section 9.
10. This Option will be cancelled if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata.
11. This Option shall be exercised in accordance with procedures established by the administrator of Teradata's stock option program, including broker-assisted cashless exercises. In countries where deemed mandatory, upon exercise, the purchase price will be paid by simultaneous sale of the Option Shares exercised, in such a manner that Teradata is not subject to taxation upon grant of the option award. Any taxes required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to exercise of this Option shall be deducted from the proceeds of the Option exercise. If Teradata or the administrator of the stock option program is unable to withhold required taxes from the proceeds of the Option exercise, you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay such amounts, and Teradata may take any action necessary to satisfy such obligation, including but not limited to withholding cash from compensation otherwise due to you or your beneficiary, or withholding from the Option Shares exercised such numbers of Option Shares as it, in its sole discretion, shall determine to be required to satisfy such withholding requirements.
12. Within a reasonable period after any vested portion of this Option is exercised, Teradata will instruct its Transfer Agent and/or third party Plan administrator to credit you or your successor with the number of Option Shares you exercised. Neither you nor your legal representative shall be, or have any of the rights and privileges of, a stockholder of Teradata in respect of any Shares purchasable upon the exercise of this Option, in whole or in part, unless and until Teradata credits you with, or causes a credit to you of, such Option Shares.
13. This Option is not transferable by you other than by beneficiary designation, will or the laws of descent and distribution, and during your lifetime this Option may be exercised only by you or your guardian or legal representative.
14. You may designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of this Option in case of your death, and you may change or revoke such designation at any time. In the event of your death, any portion
 
of this Option that is subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other portion of this Option not designated by you shall be distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Option Shares in question may be purchased by and distributed to your estate, in which event Teradata shall have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Option Shares.
15. In exchange for this Option, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after termination of your Teradata employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (a) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 15) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, advertising, sale or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (b) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with Teradata or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (c) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 15, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, this Option will be immediately cancelled, all vested and unexercised Option Shares shall be forfeited, and you will pay to Teradata the difference between the exercise price and the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of any Option Shares received in connection with the exercise of this Option on or after the date which is twelve (12) months prior to the date of the breach.
As used in this Section 15, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified as a Competing Organization by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata at the beginning of the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
16. By accepting this Option, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by arbitration. If you are employed in the United States, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Teradata dispute resolution policy and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in the city of the location of the headquarters of Teradata. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States.
 
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 15, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 15 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies available to it, bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's Option program is administered for any such proceedings.
17. By accepting this award, you acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, you may be required to forfeit or repay any or all of the Option Shares pursuant to the terms of the Teradata Corporation Compensation Recovery Policy (or a successor policy), as the same may be amended to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or any rules or regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission rule or applicable securities exchange.
18. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
19. The terms of this Option as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee at any time.
20. This Option and the number and kind of Shares covered by this Agreement shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14 of the Plan.
21. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon you any right with respect to continuance of employment by Teradata, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of Teradata to terminate your employment or adjust your compensation.
22. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law the terms and conditions of Section 16 of this Agreement shall prevail.
23. By accepting any benefit under this Agreement, you and each person claiming under or through you shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated their acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and any action taken under this Agreement or the Plan by the Committee, the Board or Teradata, in any case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
24. Teradata may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by Teradata or a third party designated by Teradata.
 

Exhibit 10.3
You have been awarded a number of restricted Share Units (the "Share Units") under the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), as described on the restricted share unit information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator, subject to the terms and conditions of this Restricted Share Unit Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.
1. The Share Units will become non-forfeitable ("Vested") on the third anniversary of the Date of Grant (the "Vesting Date"), provided that you are continuously employed by Teradata or any of its affiliate companies (referred to collectively herein as "Teradata") until the Vesting Date.
2. If your employment with Teradata terminates prior to your Vesting Date due to (i) your death, or (ii) cessation of active employment by Teradata as a result of a disability for which you qualify for benefits under the Teradata Long-Term Disability Plan or another long-term disability plan sponsored by Teradata ("Disability"), then, upon such termination of employment, your Share Units will become fully Vested. If your employment with Teradata terminates prior to your Vesting Date due to (a) your Retirement, or (b) reduction-in-force; then, upon such termination of employment, a pro rata portion of the Share Units will become fully Vested. For purposes of this Agreement, "Retirement" means termination by you of your employment with Teradata (other than, if applicable to you, for Good Reason (as described below) following a Change in Control) at or after age 55 with the consent of the Compensation & Human Resource Committee of the Teradata Board of Directors (the "Committee"). The pro rata portion of the Share Units that will become fully Vested will be determined by multiplying the total number of the Share Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial months of employment that you completed after the date of grant of this award (the "Date of Grant"), and the denominator of which is the total number of months during the period beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on your Vesting Date.
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event a Change in Control occurs and this restricted Share Unit award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, the Share Units shall become fully Vested immediately prior to the Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control wherein this restricted Share Unit award is assumed, if your employment is terminated by Teradata other than for Cause or Disability during the twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control, the Share Units shall become fully Vested immediately upon your termination of employment. If you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control and you terminate your employment for Good Reason as so defined within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Share Units shall become fully Vested immediately upon your termination of employment.
3. Except as may be otherwise provided in this Section 3, when Vested, the Share Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the Vesting Date in Shares (such that one Share Unit equals one Share) or, in Teradata's sole discretion, in an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such number of Shares as of the Vesting Date (or such earlier date upon which the Share Units have become Vested pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement), or a combination thereof.
To the extent that the Share Units become Vested pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement and your right to receive payment of Vested Share Units constitutes a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then payment of such Share Units shall be subject to the following
rules: (i) the Share Units will be paid to you within 30 days after the earlier of (a) your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, or (b) the Vesting Date; (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Share Units become payable as a result of your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code (other than as a result of death), and you are a "specified employee" as determined under Teradata's policy for determining specified employees on the date of separation from service, the Share Units shall be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following your "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code; and (iii) Teradata may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted by Treasury Regulation  1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B), terminate this Agreement and pay all outstanding Share Units to you within 30 days before or 12 months after a "change in the ownership," a "change in the effective control" or a "change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of Teradata within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
4. By accepting this award, unless disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant, provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not disclose it to others. The Share Units will be forfeited if you violate the terms and conditions of this Section 4.
5. At all times before your Vesting Date, the Share Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated, except by beneficiary designation, will or by the laws of descent and distribution upon your death. As soon as practicable after your Vesting Date, if Share Units are to be paid in the form of Shares, Teradata will instruct its Transfer Agent and/or its third party Plan administrator to record on your account the number of Shares underlying the number of Share Units to be paid to you in Shares and such Shares will be freely transferable.
6. Any cash dividends declared before your Vesting Date on the Shares underlying the Share Units shall not be paid currently, but shall be converted into additional Share Units. Any Share Units resulting from such conversion (the "Dividend Units") will be considered Share Units for purposes of this Agreement and will be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein. As of each date that Teradata would otherwise pay the declared dividend on the Shares underlying the Share Units (the "Dividend Payment Date") in the absence of the reinvestment requirements of this Section 6, the number of Dividend Units will be determined by dividing the amount of dividends otherwise attributable to the Share Units but not paid on the Dividend Payment Date by the Fair Market Value of Teradata's common stock on the Dividend Payment Date.
7. Teradata has the right to deduct or cause to be deducted from, or collect or cause to be collected, with respect to the taxation of any Share Units, any federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes required by the laws of the United States or any other country to be withheld or paid with respect to the Share Units, and you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay any such amounts. By accepting this award, you consent and direct that, if you are paid through Teradata's United States payroll system at the time the Share Units vest, Teradata's stock plan administrator may withhold or sell the number of Share Units from your award as Teradata, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to satisfy such withholding requirements. If you are paid through a non-United States Teradata payroll system, you agree that Teradata may satisfy any withholding obligations by withholding cash from your compensation otherwise due to you or by any other action as it may deem necessary to satisfy any withholding obligation.
8. The Share Units will be forfeited if your employment is terminated by Teradata for Cause or if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata. Further, if your employment is terminated by Teradata for Cause, then, to the extent demanded
 
by the Committee in its sole discretion, you shall (a) return to Teradata all Shares that you have not disposed of that have been acquired pursuant to this Agreement, and (b) with respect to any Shares acquired pursuant to this Agreement that you have disposed of, pay to Teradata in cash the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date acquired.
9. In exchange for the Share Units, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (a) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 9 below) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (b) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (c) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 9, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, any unvested Share Units will be immediately forfeited, and you agree to pay to Teradata the Fair Market Value of any Share Units that Vested or cash paid to you in lieu of such Share Units during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of your termination of employment. Such Fair Market Value shall be determined as of your Vesting Date.
As used in this Section 9, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified as a Competing Organization by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata for the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
10. By accepting this award, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by first exhausting any Teradata internal dispute resolution process and policy, and then by arbitration pursuant to such policy. If you are employed in the United States, the arbitration shall be pursuant to the Teradata dispute resolution policy and the then current rules of the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in the city of the location of the headquarters of Teradata. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration, and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States.
 
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 9, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 9 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies available to it, bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's equity program is administered, for any such proceedings.
11. You may designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of any Share Units to be distributed in case of your death, and you may change or revoke such designation at any time. In the event of your death, any Share Units distributable hereunder that are subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other Share Units not designated by you will be distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Share Units in question may be transferred to your estate, in which event Teradata will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Share Units.
12. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
13. The terms of this award of Share Units as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee.
14. The number of Share Units and the number and kind of Shares covered by this Agreement shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14 of the Plan.
15. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law the terms and conditions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall prevail.
16. You shall not possess any incidents of ownership (including, without limitation, dividend and voting rights) in the Shares underlying the Share Units until such Shares have been delivered to you in accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement. The obligations of Teradata under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of Teradata to deliver Shares in the future following Vesting of the Share Units, and your rights will be no greater than those of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of Teradata will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of Teradata under this Agreement.
17. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon you any right with respect to continuance of employment by Teradata, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of Teradata to terminate your employment or adjust your compensation.
18. By accepting any benefit under this Agreement, you and each person claiming under or through you shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated their acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and any action taken under this Agreement or the Plan by the Committee, the Board or Teradata, in any case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
19. Teradata may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by Teradata or a third party designated by Teradata.
 

Exhibit 10.4
You have been awarded the contingent right to receive a credit of share units (the "Share Units") under the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Performance-Based Restricted Share Unit Agreement (this "Agreement") and the Plan. Please refer to the share unit information page on the website of Teradata's third party Plan administrator for your "Target Number of Share Units." Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.
 
(a) . Your right to receive a credit of all, a portion, or a multiple of the Target Number of Share Units shall be contingent upon the extent to which Teradata Corporation (the "Company") achieves the performance goals set forth on the attached Exhibit A (the "Performance Goals") for the performance period commencing                     ,          and ending                     ,              (the "Performance Period"), in accordance with the payout levels set forth on the attached (the "Performance Metrics"). The Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Committee") may establish special adjustments that will be applied in calculating the extent to which the Performance Goals have been satisfied, provided that the adjustments are set forth in writing no later than 90 days after the beginning of the Performance Period.
In General
Exhibit A
(b) . After the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine in writing the extent, if any, to which each of the Performance Goals has been satisfied and shall determine the percentage, if any, of the Target Number of Share Units that shall be credited to a book entry account established on your behalf (the "Account"), based on the payout level identified in the Performance Metrics. Each Share Unit credited to your Account under this Section 1(b) shall represent the contingent right to receive one Share and shall at all times be equal in value to one Share.
Crediting to Account
(i) If, upon the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Company achieves less than 25% of the target level of a Performance Goal, then you shall not receive a credit of any Share Units with respect to that Performance Goal, and if the Company achieves less than 25% of the target level for both Performance Goals, this Agreement shall terminate immediately without further action or notice.
(ii) If, upon the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Company achieves 25% or more of the target level of a Performance Goal, then you shall be credited with a number of Share Units with respect to such Performance Goal, effective on the day in which the Committee certifies the achievement of the Performance Goal as provided in this Section 1(b) (the "Crediting Date"), equal to the product of (A) your Target Number of Share Units, multiplied by (B) the combined weighted average of the payout levels for both Performance Goals as identified in the Performance Metrics (subject to such rounding conventions as may be implemented from time-to-time by Teradata's third party Plan administrator).
(c) . Except as otherwise provided in Section 3, your right to receive a credit of Share Units shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice in the event that you cease to be employed by the Company or any of its affiliate companies (referred to collectively herein as "Teradata") through the end of the Performance Period.
Forfeiture of Share Units
 
(a) . The Share Units, if any, credited to your Account in accordance with Section 1 above shall be subject to the following vesting schedule:
Vesting
(i) One-third of the Share Units shall vest on each of the following dates (subject to such rounding conventions as may be implemented from time to time by Teradata's third party Plan administrator): (A) the Crediting Date, (B) the first anniversary of the Crediting Date, and (C) the second anniversary of the Crediting Date (each a "Vesting Date"), provided that you are continuously employed by Teradata until the applicable Vesting Date.
(ii) If you cease to be employed by Teradata due to (A) your death, or (B) your Disability (defined by reference to Teradata's long-term disability plan that covers you), in either case after the end of the Performance Period but prior to a Vesting Date, then the Share Units shall become fully vested upon such termination.
(iii) If you cease to be employed by Teradata prior to a Change in Control due to (A) your Retirement (defined as termination by you of your employment with Teradata at or after age 55 with the consent of the Committee); or (B) a reduction-in-force, in either case after the end of the Performance Period but prior to a Vesting Date, then a portion of the Share Units credited to your Account that have not yet vested shall become fully vested upon such termination, determined by multiplying (I) the number of unvested Share Units credited to your Account on the date of termination that would have vested on the next Vesting Date had you remained employed with Teradata through such date, by (II) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial months of employment you completed commencing with the Vesting Date that occurred immediately prior to your termination, and the denominator of which is 12 months (with the resulting product rounded to the nearest whole number); provided that if your termination occurs during the period commencing immediately after the end of the Performance Period but prior to the Crediting Date, the fraction described above shall be deemed to be 12/12. The remaining number of Share Units shall be forfeited without further action or notice.
(iv) If a Change in Control occurs after the end of the Performance Period and prior to a Vesting Date, and the Share Units are not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, then the Share Units shall vest upon the Change in Control.
(v) If a Change in Control occurs after the end of the Performance Period and prior to a Vesting Date, and the Share Units are assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, then the Share Units shall continue to vest in accordance with Section 2(a)(i); provided, however, that if you cease to be employed by Teradata due to (A) termination of your employment by Teradata without Cause, (B) termination of your employment with
Teradata on account of death, Disability, Retirement, or a reduction-in-force, or (C) if you are a participant in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a Teradata Severance Policy or a similar arrangement that defines "Good Reason" in the context of a resignation following a Change in Control (a "CIC Plan"), termination of your employment with Teradata for "Good Reason" as defined in the CIC Plan within the two-year period commencing on the Change in Control, then the Share Units credited to your Account that have not yet vested shall vest in full upon such termination.
(b) . The Share Units credited to your Account that have not yet vested pursuant to Section 2(a) shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice if you cease to be employed by Teradata prior to a Vesting Date other than as provided in Sections 2(a)(ii), (iii) or (v).
Forfeiture
(c) . Except as otherwise provided in Section 3 or Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver the Shares underlying the vested Share Units credited to your Account in accordance with this Agreement within seventy (70) days after the earlier of (i) the applicable Vesting Date(s), or (ii) your termination of employment.
Payment
 
(a) . If during the Performance Period you cease to be employed by Teradata prior to a Change in Control due to death, Disability, Retirement or a reduction-in-force, then the Company shall credit to your Account a pro-rated number of Share Units, which shall be fully vested, and which shall be calculated by multiplying (i) the actual number of Share Units that would have been credited to your Account in accordance with Section 1 of this Agreement had you continued in employment throughout the Performance Period, determined based on the actual performance of the Company during such Performance Period, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial months of employment you completed commencing with January 1, 2012, and the denominator of which is 36 months (subject to such rounding conventions as may be implemented from time-to-time by Teradata's third party Plan administrator). Except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to you the Shares underlying the pro-rated number of Share Units within seventy (70) days after the end of the Performance Period.
Certain Terminations
(b) .
Change in Control
(i) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, and this award is not assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, then the Target Number of Share Units shall be credited to your Account, as of the date of the Change in Control, and the units shall be fully vested at that time. The Company shall deliver to you the Shares underlying the Target Number of Share Units within 30 days after such Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that your right to receive such Shares constitutes a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code ("Section 409A"), the Company shall deliver to you the Shares underlying the Target Number of Share Units within seventy (70) days after the earlier of (i) the end of the Performance Period, or (ii) your termination of employment (except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of this Agreement).
(ii) If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period, and this award is assumed, converted or replaced by the continuing entity, then the Target Number of Share Units shall be credited to your Account, as of the date of the Change in Control, and the Share Units shall continue to vest in accordance with Section 2(a)(i); provided, however, that if you cease to be employed by Teradata due to (A) termination of your employment by Teradata without Cause, (B) termination of your employment with Teradata on account of death, Disability, Retirement, or a reduction-in-force, or (C) if you are a participant in a CIC Plan, termination of your employment with Teradata for "Good Reason" as defined in the CIC Plan within the two-year period commencing on the Change in Control, then the Share Units credited to your Account that have not yet vested shall vest in full upon such termination. If the Target Number of Share Units credited to your Account in accordance with this Section 3(b)(ii) becomes vested by reason of a termination of your employment that occurs on or prior to the end of the Performance Period, then, except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to you the Shares underlying the Target Number of Share Units within seventy (70) days after the end of the Performance Period. If the Target Number of Share Units credited to your Account in accordance with this Section 3(b)(ii) becomes vested after the end of the Performance Period, then except as otherwise provided in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver the Shares underlying the vested Target Number of Share Units credited to your Account within seventy (70) days after the earlier of (x) the applicable Vesting Date(s), or (y) your termination of employment.
4. . The intent of the parties is that payments under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code or are exempt therefrom and this Agreement shall be interpreted, administered and governed in accordance with such intent.
Section 409A Compliance
(a) . To the extent that you are a U.S. taxpayer, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of Shares subject to Section 409A upon or following a termination of employment unless such termination is also a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A and you are no longer providing services (at a level that would preclude the occurrence of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A) to Teradata as an employee or consultant, and for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a "termination," "termination of employment" or like terms shall mean "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A.
Termination of Employment
(b) . If you are a "specified employee," as determined under the Company's policy for identifying specified employees on the date of termination, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A, all payments made under this Agreement that constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A that are provided as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A for any reason other than your death and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such separation from service shall be accumulated through and paid within 30 days after the first business day that is more than six months after the date of your separation from service (or, if you die during such six-month period, within 30 days after your death).
Payment Delay for Specified Employees
(c) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Committee shall have the right, at any time in its sole discretion, to accelerate the time of a payment under this Agreement to a time otherwise permitted under Section 409A in accordance with the requirements, restrictions and limitations of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j).
Acceleration of Payment
5. . By accepting this award, unless disclosure is required by applicable law or regulation, you agree to keep this Agreement confidential and not to disclose its contents to anyone except your attorney, your immediate family, or your financial consultant, provided such persons agree in advance to keep such information confidential and not disclose it to others. The Share Units will be forfeited if you violate the terms and conditions of this Section 5.
Confidentiality
6. . At all times before payment, the Share Units may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated, except by beneficiary designation, will or by the laws of descent and distribution upon your death. Any purported transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of this Section 6 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such Share Units.
Transferability
7. . From and after the Crediting Date and until the earlier of (a) the time when the Share Units are paid in accordance with this Agreement or (b) the time when your rights in the Share Units are forfeited in accordance with Section 2(b) hereof, on the date that Teradata pays a cash dividend (if any) to holders of Shares generally, you shall receive additional Share Units equal to (x) the number of Share Units held by you as of the date of record for such dividend, provided that the record date occurs on or after the Crediting Date; multiplied by (y) the per Share cash dividend amount; divided by (z) the Fair Market Value per Share on the dividend payment date. The additional Share Units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Share Units covered by this Agreement, including without limitation the forfeiture provisions of Section 2(b) of this Agreement; provided, however, that for purposes of Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement (i) any such additional Share Units issued between the Crediting Date and the first anniversary of the Crediting Date shall vest in two equal installments on the first anniversary of the Crediting Date and the second anniversary of the Crediting Date, provided that you are continuously employed by Teradata through each such date, and (ii) any such additional Share Units issued between the first anniversary of the Crediting Date and the second anniversary of the Crediting Date shall vest on the second anniversary of the Crediting Date, provided that you are continuously employed by Teradata through such date.
Dividend Equivalents
8. . The Share Units will be forfeited if your employment is terminated by Teradata for Cause or if the Committee determines that you engaged in misconduct in connection with your employment with Teradata. Further, if your employment is terminated by Teradata for Cause, then, to the extent demanded by the Committee in its sole discretion, you shall (a) return to Teradata all Shares that you have not disposed of that have been acquired pursuant to this Agreement, and (b) with respect to any Shares acquired pursuant to this Agreement that you have disposed of, pay to Teradata in cash the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date acquired.
Misconduct; Termination for Cause
9. . Teradata has the right to deduct or cause to be deducted from, or collect or cause to be collected, with respect to the taxation of any Share Units, any federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes required by the laws of the United States or any other country to be withheld or paid with respect to the Share Units, and you or your legal representative or beneficiary will be required to pay any such amounts. By accepting this award, you consent and direct that, if you are paid through Teradata's United States payroll system at the time the Share Units are settled, Teradata's stock plan administrator will withhold or sell the number of Shares underlying the Share Units as Teradata, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to satisfy such withholding requirements; provided, however, that if Teradata is required to withhold any taxes prior to settlement of the Share Units, then you agree that Teradata may satisfy those withholding obligations by withholding cash from your compensation otherwise due to you or by any other action as it may deem necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation. In no event shall the Fair Market Value of the Shares of common stock to be surrendered pursuant to this section to satisfy applicable withholding taxes exceed the minimum amount of taxes required to be withheld or such other amount that will not result in a negative accounting impact. If you are paid through a non-United States Teradata payroll system, you agree that Teradata may satisfy any withholding obligations by withholding cash from your compensation otherwise due to you or by any other action as it may deem necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation. You acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all taxes and tax-related items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by Teradata or the Employer. You also agree that you solely are responsible for filing all relevant documentation that may be required of you in relation to this award or any tax-related items, such as but not limited to personal income tax returns or reporting statements in relation to the grant or vesting of this award or the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such award and the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents.
Withholding
10. . In exchange for the Share Units, you agree that during your employment with Teradata and for a period of twelve (12) months after the termination of employment (or if applicable law mandates a maximum time that is shorter than twelve months, then for a period of time equal to that shorter maximum period), regardless of the reason for termination, you will not, without the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata, (a) render services directly or indirectly to, or become employed by, any Competing Organization (as defined in this Section 10 below) to the extent such services or employment involves the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, advertising or servicing of any product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to, or competes with, a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers and upon which you worked or in which you participated during the last two (2) years of your Teradata employment; (b) directly or indirectly recruit, hire, solicit or induce, or attempt to induce, any exempt employee of Teradata to terminate his or her employment with or otherwise cease his or her relationship with Teradata; or (c) solicit the business of any firm or company with which you worked during the preceding two (2) years while employed by Teradata, including customers of Teradata. If you breach the terms of this Section 10, you agree that in addition to any liability you may have for damages arising from such breach, any unvested Share Units will be immediately forfeited, and you agree to pay to Teradata the Fair Market Value of any Share Units that vested and that were paid during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of termination of your employment. Such Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the date that the Share Units become vested. If you breach the terms of this Section 10 prior to the end of the Performance Period but after you incur a termination described in Section 3(a)
Restrictive Covenants
of this Agreement, your award will be forfeited and you will not receive the pro-rata portion of the Share Units.
As used in this Section 10, "Competing Organization" means an organization identified as a Competing Organization by the Chief Executive Officer of Teradata for the year in which your employment with Teradata terminates, and any other person or organization which is engaged in or about to become engaged in research on or development, production, marketing, leasing, selling or servicing of a product, process, system or service which is the same or similar to or competes with a product, process, system or service manufactured, sold, serviced or otherwise provided by Teradata to its customers. The list of Competing Organizations identified by the Chief Executive Officer is maintained by the Teradata Law Department.
11. . By accepting this award, you agree that, where permitted by local law, any controversy or claim arising out of or related to your employment relationship with Teradata shall be resolved by first exhausting any Teradata internal dispute resolution process and policy, and then by arbitration pursuant to such policy. If you are employed outside the United States, where permitted by local law, the arbitration shall be conducted in the regional headquarters city of the business unit in which you work. The arbitration shall be held before a single arbitrator who is an attorney knowledgeable in employment law. The arbitrator's decision and award shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. For arbitrations held in the United States, issues of arbitrability shall be determined in accordance with the federal substantive and procedural laws relating to arbitration; all other aspects shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Teradata is located. Each party shall bear its own attorney's fees associated with the arbitration and other costs and expenses of the arbitration shall be borne as provided by the rules of the American Arbitration Association for an arbitration held in the United States, or similar applicable rules for an arbitration held outside the United States.
Arbitration
Notwithstanding the preceding subparagraph, you acknowledge that if you breach Section 10, Teradata will sustain irreparable injury and will not have an adequate remedy at law. As a result, you agree that in the event of your breach of Section 10 Teradata may, in addition to any other remedies available to it, bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction for equitable relief to preserve the status quo pending appointment of an arbitrator and completion of an arbitration. You stipulate to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the location from which Teradata's equity programs are administered, for any such proceedings.
12. . By accepting this award, you acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, you may be required to forfeit or repay any or all of the Share Units pursuant to the terms of the Teradata Corporation Compensation Recovery Policy (or a successor policy), as the same may be amended to comply with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or any rules or regulations issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission or applicable securities exchange.
Compensation Recovery Policy
13. .
Beneficiaries; Successors
(a) Without limiting Section 6 of this Agreement, you may designate one or more beneficiaries to receive all or part of any Share Units to be distributed in case of your death, and you may change or revoke such designation at any time. In the event of your death, any Share Units distributable hereunder that are subject to such a designation will be distributed to such beneficiary or beneficiaries in accordance with this Agreement. Any other Share Units not designated by you will be distributable to your estate. If there is any question as to the legal right of any beneficiary to receive a distribution hereunder, the Share Units in question may be transferred to your estate, in which event Teradata will have no further liability to anyone with respect to such Share Units.
(b) The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, your successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns, and the successors and assigns of the Company.
14. . The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction (including an arbitration tribunal), it shall be severed and shall not affect any other part of this Agreement, which will be enforced as permitted by law.
Severability
15. . The terms of this award of Share Units as evidenced by this Agreement may be amended by the Teradata Board of Directors or the Committee.
Amendment
16. . The number of Share Units and the number and kind of shares of stock covered by this Agreement shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14 of the Plan.
Adjustments
17. . In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail, except that with respect to matters involving choice of law, the terms and conditions of Section 10 of this Agreement shall prevail.
Plan Governs
18. . You shall not possess any incidents of ownership (including, without limitation, dividend and voting rights) in the Shares underlying the Share Units credited to your Account until such Shares have been delivered to you in accordance with Section 2, Section 3 or Section 4 hereof. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver Shares in the future, and your rights will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement.
Dividend; Voting Rights
19. . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon you any right with respect to continuance of employment by Teradata, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of Teradata to terminate your employment or adjust your compensation. Furthermore, nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer upon you any right to receive any future Share Units or awards under the Plan or the inclusion of the value of any awards in the calculation of severance payments, if any, upon termination of employment.
No Employment Contract or Acquired Rights
20. . Notwithstanding any provision herein, if the Plan or your employment with Teradata is subject to the rules and regulations of one or more non-United States jurisdictions, then your participation in the Plan shall be subject to any such rules and regulations and any special terms and conditions as set forth in any appendix for your country (the ""). Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Company also reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines it necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.
Non-U.S. Employees
Appendix
You also understand and agree that any cross-border cash remittance made in relation to this award, including the transfer of proceeds received upon the sale of Shares, must be made through a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require you to provide to such financial institution or agency certain information regarding the transaction. Moreover, you understand and agree that the Company is neither responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this award nor liable for any decrease in the value of Shares or this award. In addition, the ownership of Shares or assets and holding of bank or brokerage account abroad may subject you to reporting requirements imposed by tax, banking, and/or other authorities in your country, and you understand and agree that you solely are responsible for complying with such requirements.
21. . By accepting any benefit under this Agreement, you and each person claiming under or through you shall be conclusively deemed to have indicated their acceptance and ratification of, and consent to, all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan and any action taken under this Agreement or the Plan by the Committee, the Board or Teradata, in any case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Acceptance of Terms
22. . Teradata may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by Teradata or a third party designated by Teradata. If you have received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.
Communications and Electronic Delivery
23. . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Share Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer and Teradata for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.
Data Privacy Consent
You understand that Teradata and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Teradata, details of all Share Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan ("Data").
You understand that Data will be transferred to any third parties assisting Teradata with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand the recipients of the Data may be located in your country, in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients' country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize Teradata and the recipients which may assist Teradata (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand, however, that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative.
This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Share Units granted to you under the Plan if you reside outside the U.S. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement.
This Appendix may also include information you should be aware of with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect as of April 2012; however, such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that your Share Units vest or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional legal and tax advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you.
Neither the Company nor the Shares are registered with any local stock exchange or under the control of any local securities regulator outside the U.S. This Agreement (of which this Appendix is a part), the Plan, and any other communications or materials that you may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities outside the U.S. The issuance of securities described in any Plan-related documents is not intended for offering or public circulation in your jurisdiction.
Securities Law Notice:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120503075917.txt.gz
TIME:20120503075917
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02   Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 3, 2012, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2012 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 7.01   Regulation FD Disclosure.
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
Item 9.01   Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on May 3, 2012
    Teradata Announces 2012 First Quarter Results
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $613 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, an increase of 21 percent from $506 million in the first quarter of 2011.
ATLANTA
The first-quarter revenue comparison was negatively impacted by 1 point of currency translation.
(1)
Gross margin of 55.1 percent was up from the 54.3 percent reported in the first quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the special items and stock-based compensation expense described in footnote #2 below,
(2)
gross margin was 55.9 percent, an improvement from 55.7 percent in the first quarter of 2011. The increase in non-GAAP gross margin was driven by leverage from increased product revenue and a favorable deal mix.
Stock-based compensation expense and a number of special items (primarily acquisition-related) had a net impact of $12 million on Teradata's first quarter 2012 net income as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
Teradata reported GAAP net income of $91 million, or $0.53 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $65 million, or $0.38 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding stock compensation expense and the special items described below, non-GAAP net income in the first quarter of 2012 was $103 million, or $0.60 per diluted share, versus $82 million, or $0.48 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2011.
(2)
"Teradata delivered our highest organic, constant-currency revenue growth quarter ever in the first quarter, fueled by record product revenue growth of 31 percent," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata. "We have the widest and deepest portfolio in the market to address the analytic data needs of any organization. Teradata is well positioned in three large and growing marketsdata warehousing, big data analytics and integrated marketing management.
"Looking forward, data and analytics are increasingly a priority for the C-Suite, and driving strong activity across all regions; and therefore we are raising our 2012 full-year revenue growth guidance."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $388 million of revenue in its Americas region, up 26 percent from $307 million in the first quarter of 2011. Currency translation negatively impacted the year-over-year revenue comparison for the Americas region by 1 percentage point.
(1)
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region was $136 million, up 9 percent from $125 million generated in the first quarter of 2011. Currency translation negatively impacted the year-over-year revenue comparison for the EMEA region by 4 percentage points.
(1)
Teradata generated $89 million of revenue in its APJ region, a 20 percent increase from $74 million in the first quarter of 2011. Currency translation benefited the reported year-over-year revenue growth in the APJ region by 2 percentage points.
(1)
Operating Income
First-quarter operating income of $127 million increased 40 percent from $91 million reported in the first quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income of $147 million increased 27 percent from the first quarter of 2011.
(2)
 Higher revenue more than offset the increased investment in selling expense and research and development.
Cash Flow
Teradata generated $192 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $106 million in the prior-year period. Teradata generated $162 million of free cash flow (cash from operations less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
in the first quarter of 2012, versus $79 million in the same period in 2011.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the first quarter of 2012 with $978 million in cash, a $206 million increase from December 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2012, Teradata had total debt of $300 million outstanding under a 5-year term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
2012 Outlook
Teradata is increasing its guidance for 2012 revenue growth to 12- 14 percent from its original guidance of 10 to 12 percent. Teradata anticipates that currency translation will negatively impact the year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately one percentage point, based on currency rates on April 30, 2012; the same impact that was assumed when Teradata provided its initial revenue guidance for 2012.
GAAP earnings per share in 2012 is now expected to be in the $2.24 to $2.34 range. Excluding special items primarily associated with acquisitions (which include the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, estimated purchase accounting adjustments, and transaction and integration costs) as well as stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP EPS for 2012 is now expected to be in the $2.60 to $2.70 range, versus Teradata's original non-GAAP EPS guidance of $2.56 to $2.66.
(2)
2012 First-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the company's first-quarter 2012 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to achieve competitive advantage. Visit teradata.com for details.
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
A number of special items were included in Teradata's first quarter results reported under GAAP. Teradata's GAAP results as reported in this release included $7 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $1 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; $1 million of acquisition-related integration expenses; and $11 million of stock-based compensation expense.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view of the company's operating results excluding special items, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(b) Operating Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(c) Net Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(d) Earnings Per Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the enterprise data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time to time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
 
Schedule C
 
 
Schedule D
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120620165741.txt.gz
TIME:20120620165741
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 15, 2012, Teradata Corporation ("Teradata") entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. and Citibank, N.A., as Co-Documentation Agents, and the lenders party thereto (the "Revolving Credit Agreement").
The Revolving Credit Agreement provides that Teradata may borrow, during the five-year term of the agreement, on a revolving credit basis, up to a maximum amount outstanding at any time of $300 million. In addition, under the terms of the Revolving Credit Agreement, Teradata from time to time and subject to certain conditions may increase the lending commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of up to an additional $200 million, to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments. All outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Agreement are due and payable on June 15, 2017, unless extended by agreement of the parties for up to two additional one-year periods. The Revolving Credit Agreement replaces a similar revolving credit agreement in the same maximum principal amount entered into by Teradata in 2007, which agreement was terminated as of June 15, 2012.
The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Agreement bears interest at a floating rate based upon, at Teradata's option, a negotiated base rate or a Eurodollar rate plus in each case a margin based on the leverage ratio of Teradata.
Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement are unsecured, but are guaranteed by certain of Teradata's material domestic subsidiaries. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, default provisions and affirmative and negative covenants including, among others, covenants regarding the maintenance of certain financial ratios, covenants relating to financial reporting, compliance with laws, subsidiary indebtedness, limitations on liens, sale and leaseback transactions, sales of assets, mergers and other fundamental changes involving the company, asset sales, entry into certain restrictive agreements and investments.
Teradata has other relationships with the parties to the Revolving Credit Agreement, each of which also is a lender to Teradata with respect to a 2011 term loan in the aggregate principal amount of $300 million.
The foregoing description of the Revolving Credit Agreement is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Revolving Credit Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The disclosure set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
The following exhibit is attached to this Current Report:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: June 20, 2012
 

Exhibit 1.1
EXECUTION COPY
Published Cusip Number: 88077JAA9
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
:
SCHEDULES
Schedule 1.01  Disclosed Matters
Schedule 1.02  Mandatory Cost Formulae
Schedule 2.01  Commitments
Schedule 3.14  Subsidiaries
Schedule 6.08  Existing Restrictions
Schedule 9.01  Notice Addresses
:
EXHIBITS
Exhibit A  Form of Loan Notice
Exhibit B  Form of Opinion
Exhibit C  Form of Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit D  Form of Note
Exhibit E  Form of Guaranty
Exhibit F  Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit G  Form of U.S. Tax Certificate
 
This is entered into as of June 15, 2012 (this ""), among , as Borrower, each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the "" and, individually, a ""), , as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, , as Syndication Agent, and and , as Co-Documentation Agents.
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT
Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Lenders
Lender
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.
CITIBANK, N.A.
The Borrower has requested the Lenders to establish the credit facility provided for herein on the Closing Date for the general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries. The Lenders are willing to establish such credit facility upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
Section 1.01 . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:
Defined Terms
"" means an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between the Borrower and an Additional Credit Lender pursuant to which such Additional Credit Lender assumes an Additional Credit Commitment under .
Additional Credit Assumption Agreement
Section 2.21
"" means the Commitment of any Lender (including any increase to a Lender's then existing Commitment) established pursuant to .
Additional Credit Commitment
Section 2.21
"" means a Lender with an Additional Credit Commitment or a Person that will become such a Lender pursuant to .
Additional Credit Lender
Section 2.21
"" means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent.
Administrative Agent
"" means the Administrative Agent's address and, as appropriate, account set forth in , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders.
Administrative Agent's Office
Schedule 9.01
"" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto.
Agreement
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Agreement Currency
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, at any time, the aggregate amount of Commitments in effect at such time.
Aggregate Commitments
"" means the aggregate amount of the Lenders' Revolving Credit Exposures.
Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means each of British Pounds Sterling, Euros, Japanese Yen and each other currency approved in accordance with .
Alternative Currency
Section 1.05
"" means a Revolving Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans.
Alternative Currency Borrowing
"" means, at any time, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of all outstanding Alternative Currency Loans at such time. The Alternative Currency Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Alternative Currency Exposure at such time.
Alternative Currency Exposure
"" means the Revolving Loans that are denominated in Alternative Currencies. Each Alternative Currency Loan shall be a Eurocurrency Rate Loan.
Alternative Currency Loans
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Applicable Creditor
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in . If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.
Applicable Percentage
Section 2.23
"" means the following percentages per annum, based upon the Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to :
Applicable Rate
Section 5.01(c)
Applicable Rate
 
 
For the period from the Closing Date until the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2012 pursuant to , the Applicable Rate shall equal Pricing Level 4. Thereafter, any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to ; , , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then Pricing Level 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered.
Section 5.01(c)
Section 5.01(c)
provided
however
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of .
Section 2.13
"" means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment.
Applicable Time
"" means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
Approved Fund
"" means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers.
Arrangers
"" means an Assignment and Assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent.
Assignment and Assumption
Exhibit C
"" means, on any date, in respect of any lease of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, as lessee, entered into as part of a sale and leaseback transaction subject to , (a) if such lease is a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) if such lease is not a Capital Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under such lease that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease Obligation.
Attributable Indebtedness
Section 6.03
"" means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries most recently delivered in accordance with , and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto.
Audited Financial Statements
Section 5.01(a)
 
"" means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to , and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to .
Availability Period
Section 2.09
Section 7.02
"" means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors.
Bank of America
"" means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate 1/2 of 1%, (b) the Prime Rate, and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate 1.00%.
Base Rate
plus
plus
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in dollars only.
Base Rate Loan
"" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.
Board
"" means Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
Borrower
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Borrower Materials
Section 5.02
"" means a Revolving Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require.
Borrowing
"" means a request by the Borrower for a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with .
Borrowing Request
Section 2.03
"" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent's Office with respect to Obligations denominated in dollars is located and:
Business Day
(a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in dollars, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in dollars in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank Eurocurrency market;
(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that is an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means a TARGET Day;
 
(c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that is an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than dollars or Euro, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such currency; and
(d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than dollars or Euro in respect of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than dollars or Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than dollars or Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency.
"" means each of the following: (a) each date of a Revolving Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans, (b) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Loan, (c) the last Business Day of each calendar week and (d) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require.
Calculation Date
"" of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease Obligations
"" means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. "Cash Collateral" shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support.
Cash Collateralize
"" means (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than an employee benefit plan or related trust of the Borrower or of the Borrower and any Subsidiaries, of shares representing more than 25% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Borrower; or (b) occupation of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of directors of the Borrower by Persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower nor (ii) appointed by directors so nominated.
Change in Control
 
"" means (a) the adoption of any law, rule, treaty or regulation after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule, treaty or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender or any L/C Issuer (or, for purposes of , by any lending office of such Lender or such L/C Issuer or by such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's holding company, if any) with any rule, request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a "Change in Law", regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
Change in Law
Section 2.15(b)
provided
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans.
Class
"" means the first date on which all the conditions precedent in are satisfied or waived in accordance with (or, in the case of , waived by the Person entitled to receive the applicable payment).
Closing Date
Section 4.01
Section 4.01
Section 4.01(b)
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
Code
"" means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to , (b) increased from time to time pursuant to , and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to . The initial amount of each Lender's Commitment is set forth on , in the Additional Credit Assumption Agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have obtained an Additional Credit Commitment, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The initial aggregate amount of the Lenders' Commitments is $300,000,000.
Commitment
Section 2.09
Section 2.21
Section 9.04
Schedule 2.01
"" means a certificate substantially in the form of .
Compliance Certificate
Exhibit F
"" means, for any period, the difference for such period between (a) the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) interest expense and (ii) the portion of any payments or accruals with respect to Capital Lease Obligations allocable to interest expense and (iii) capitalized interest expense and (b) to the extent included in interest expense, the sum for the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of (i) pay-in-kind interest expense and (ii) the amortization of debt discounts, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Cash Interest Expense
 
"" means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries for such period plus, to the extent deducted in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (a) income tax expense, (b) Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, (c) depreciation and amortization expense, and (d) extraordinary losses during such period and nonrecurring noncash charges during such period (provided that any cash expenditure in respect of any such noncash charge will be deducted in computing Consolidated EBITDA for a period in which such expenditure is made), minus, to the extent added in computing such consolidated net income and without duplication, the sum of (i) income tax benefit and (ii) extraordinary or nonrecurring gains during such period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated EBITDA
"" means, for any period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and such Subsidiaries for that period.
Consolidated Net Income
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, all tangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Tangible Assets
"" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
"" means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension.
Credit Extension
"" means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally.
Debtor Relief Laws
"" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
Default
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Default Rate
Section 2.13(d)
"" means, subject to Section , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its
Defaulting Lender
2.23(b)
 
participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender's obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder ( that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this  upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity; that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of  through  above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to ) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination.
provided
clause (c)
provided
clauses (a)
(d)
Section 2.23(b)
"" means the actions, suits and proceedings and the environmental matters disclosed in .
Disclosed Matters
Schedule 1.01
"" means, on any date of determination, with respect to any amount in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent in dollars of such amount, determined by the Administrative Agent using the Exchange Rate with respect to such Alternative Currency then in effect as determined pursuant to .
Dollar Equivalent
Section 2.20(a)
"" or "" refers to lawful money of the United States of America.
dollars
$
"" means the economic and monetary union in accordance with the Treaty of Rome 1957, as amended by the Single European Act 1986, the Maastricht Treaty of 1992 and the Amsterdam Treaty of 1998.
EMU
 
"" means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency.
EMU Legislation
"" means all (a) laws, rules, regulations, codes and ordinances and (b) all orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority and by or affecting the Borrower, in each case relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.
Environmental Laws
"" means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
Environmental Liability
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time.
ERISA
"" means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Sections 302 and 303 of ERISA and Sections 412 and 430 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) any "reportable event", as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to meet the minimum funding standards of Sections 412 and 430 of the Code; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA.
ERISA Event
"" means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation.
Euro
 
"" means, (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate (""), as published by Reuters (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two London Banking Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the "Eurocurrency Rate" for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in the relevant currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Eurocurrency Rate Loan being made, continued or converted and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch (or other Bank of America branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the London or other offshore interbank market for such currency at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and
Eurocurrency Rate
BBA LIBOR
(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to (i) BBA LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time determined two London Banking Days prior to such date for dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month commencing that day or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in dollars for delivery on the date of determination in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Base Rate Loan being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would be offered by Bank of America's London Branch to major banks in the London interbank Eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of determination.
"" means a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of "Eurocurrency Rate." Eurocurrency Rate Loans may be denominated in dollars or in an Alternative Currency.
Eurocurrency Rate Loan
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
Events of Default
Section 7.01
"" means, with respect to any Alternative Currency on any date, the Spot Rate determined in accordance with .
Exchange Rate
Section 1.05
"" means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) income or franchise Taxes imposed on (or measured by) net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is located, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Taxes imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under ), (i) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes resulting from any Law
Excluded Taxes
Section 2.19(b)
 
in effect on the date such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), (ii) any withholding taxes imposed under FATCA, or (iii) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes that are attributable to such Foreign Lender's failure (except where such failure is a result of a Change in Law) to comply with , in each case, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Taxes pursuant to .
Section 2.17(f)
Section 2.17(a)
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Extension Notice
Section 2.22
"" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement and any regulations or official interpretations thereof; , , FATCA shall also include any amendments to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code if, as amended, FATCA provides a commercially reasonable mechanism to avoid the tax imposed thereunder by satisfying the information reporting and other requirements of FATCA.
FATCA
provided
however
"" means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.
Federal Funds Rate
"" means the letter agreement, dated May 14, 2012, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.
Fee Letter
"" means a Lender which is not a U.S. Person.
Foreign Lender
"" means a Subsidiary that is not organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
Foreign Subsidiary
"" means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to each L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender's Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender's participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender's Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender's participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.
Fronting Exposure
 
"" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities.
Fund
"" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
GAAP
"" means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof (in each case, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government, including any supra national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
"" of or by any Person (the "") means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the "") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business.
Guarantee
guarantor
primary obligor
provided
"" means, collectively, each Material Subsidiary party to the Guaranty as of the Closing Date and each other Material Subsidiary of the Borrower that executes and delivers a guaranty or guaranty supplement pursuant to .
Guarantors
Section 5.08
"" means the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of , together with each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to .
Guaranty
Exhibit E
Section 5.08
"" means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.
Hazardous Materials
"" means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement.
Hedging Agreement
"" has the meaning specified in .
Increase Effective Date
Section 2.21
 
"" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (d) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed (if such Person has not assumed such Indebtedness of others, then the amount of Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of (A) the amount of such Indebtedness of others and (B) the fair market value of such property, as reasonably determined by the Borrower), (e) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (f) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (g) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of standby letters of credit and letters of guaranty (x) supporting Indebtedness or (y) obtained for any purpose not in the ordinary course of business and (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers' acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person's ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor.
Indebtedness
"" means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) Other Taxes.
Indemnified Taxes
"" means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement.
Index Debt
"" means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated June __ 2012 relating to the Borrower distributed to prospective Lenders in connection with the syndication of the Commitments.
Information Memorandum
"" means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with .
Interest Election Request
Section 2.08
"" means (a) with respect to any Base Rate Loan (other than a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the last Business Day of the Interest Period applicable to the Revolving Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans with an Interest Period of more than three months' duration, each Business Day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months' duration, after the first day of such Interest Period and (c) with respect to any Swing Line Loan, the Business Day that such Loan is required to be repaid.
Interest Payment Date
"" means with respect to any Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the period commencing on the date of such Revolving Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months
Interest Period
 
thereafter, as the Borrower may elect; , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Revolving Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Revolving Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Revolving Borrowing.
provided
"" means, with respect to any Person, any acquisition or investment (whether or not of a controlling interest) by such Person, by means of any of the following: (a) the purchase or other acquisition of any equity interest in another Person, (b) a loan, advance or extension of credit to, capital contribution to, Guarantee of obligations of, or purchase or other acquisition of any Indebtedness of, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of another Person that constitute the business or a division or operating unit of another Person. Any binding commitment to make an Investment in any other Person, as well as any option of another Person to require an Investment in such Person, shall constitute an Investment. For purposes of determining compliance with any covenant contained in this Agreement, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment.
Investment
"" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the "International Standby Practices 1998" published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, Inc. (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance).
ISP
"" means with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit.
Issuer Documents
"" has the meaning specified in .
Judgment Currency
Section 9.14(b)
"" means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.
Laws
"" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.
L/C Advance
 
"" means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been (a) reimbursed by the Borrower in accordance with or (b) refinanced as a Revolving Borrowing.
L/C Borrowing
Section 2.06(d)
"" means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof.
L/C Credit Extension
"" means a payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
L/C Disbursement
"" means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all L/C Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The L/C Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total L/C Exposure at such time.
L/C Exposure
"" means Bank of America, each other Lender that is listed on the signature pages hereto as an "L/C Issuer" and any other Lender that becomes an L/C Issuer in accordance with hereof, each in its respective capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder (whether pursuant to , , , or otherwise), but excluding any Lender that resigns or is removed as an L/C Issuer pursuant to the terms hereof (except to the extent such Person has continuing rights and/or obligations with respect to Letters of Credit after such resignation or removal). References to the L/C Issuer herein shall, as the context may indicate (including with respect to any particular Letter of Credit, L/C Credit Extension, L/C Borrowing or L/C Obligations), mean the applicable L/C Issuer, each L/C Issuer, any L/C Issuer, or all L/C Issuers.
L/C Issuer
Section 2.06(m)
Section 2.06(h)
2.06(m)
9.03
Article VIII
"" means, with respect to all the L/C Issuers in the aggregate, $50,000,000; provided, that with respect to each L/C Issuer other than Bank of America, the "L/C Issuer Sublimit" of such L/C Issuer shall be in an amount as may be separately agreed between such L/C Issuer and the Borrower from time to time (with specific notice of such amount, and any change thereto, with respect to each L/C Issuer being promptly communicated to the Administrative Agent), provided further that (a) the L/C Issuer Sublimit with respect to any Person that ceases to be an L/C Issuer for any reason pursuant to the terms hereof shall be $0 (subject to the Letters of Credit of such Person remaining outstanding in accordance with the provisions hereof) and (b) so long as Bank of America has not resigned as an L/C Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, its L/C Issuer Sublimit as of any date of determination shall equal $50,000,000 less the aggregate amount of L/C Issuer Sublimits of all other L/C Issuers as of such date.
L/C Issuer Sublimit
"" means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be "outstanding" in the amount remaining to be drawn. The L/C Obligations of (a) any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total L/C Obligations at such time, and (b) any particular L/C Issuer at any time shall mean the L/C Obligations allocable to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer.
L/C Obligations
 
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context required, includes the Swing Line Lender.
Lenders
"" means any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. Letters of Credit shall be denominated in dollars only.
Letter of Credit
"" means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the L/C Issuer.
Letter of Credit Application
"" means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect.
Letter of Credit Expiration Date
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio as of such day of (a) Total Indebtedness to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on such last day.
Leverage Ratio
"" means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities.
Lien
"" means this Agreement, each Note, each Issuer Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of of this Agreement, each Swap Contract with a Swap Bank, the Fee Letter and the Guaranty.
Loan Documents
Section 2.25
"" means a notice of (a) a Revolving Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, pursuant to , which, in each case, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of hereto.
Loan Notice
Section 2.03
Exhibit A
"" means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor, or any combination of the foregoing.
Loan Parties
"" means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement in the form of a Revolving Loan or a Swing Line Loan.
Loans
"" means any day on which dealings in dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market.
London Banking Day
"" means, with respect to any period, the percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with .
Mandatory Cost
Schedule 1.02
 
"" means "margin stock" as defined in Regulations U and X of the Board.
Margin Stock
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations, prospects or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Hedging Agreements, of any one or more of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding $25,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the "principal amount" of the obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any Hedging Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Borrower or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Hedging Agreement were terminated at such time.
Material Indebtedness
"" means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower which (a) has total assets equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as of the most recent fiscal period with respect to which the Lenders shall have received financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to or  (or if prior to delivery of any financial statements pursuant to such Sections, then calculated with respect to the year end financial statements referenced in (the "Required Financial Information")) or (b) has income equal to or greater than 5% of Consolidated Net Income (calculated for the most recent period for which the Lenders have received the Required Financial Information); , , that notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Material Subsidiary" shall mean each of those Subsidiaries that together with the Borrower and each other Material Subsidiary (i) have assets equal to not less than 80% of Consolidated Tangible Assets (calculated as described above) and (ii) generate not less than 80% of Consolidated Net Income; that if more than one combination of Subsidiaries satisfies such threshold, then those Subsidiaries so determined to be "Material Subsidiaries" shall be specified by the Borrower; , , that there shall be excluded from the definition of "Material Subsidiaries" and the computations set forth above, any Foreign Subsidiaries.
Material Subsidiary
Sections 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 3.04(a))
provided
however
provided further
provided
further
"" means the fifth anniversary of the date of this Agreement, as such date may be extended pursuant to .
Maturity Date
Section 2.22
"" means a request by the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, for the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to .
Maturity Date Extension Request
Section 2.22
"" means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided to reduce or eliminate Fronting Exposure during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 110% of the Fronting Exposure of the applicable L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of , an amount equal to 110% of the Outstanding Amount of all LC Obligations, and (c) with respect to all other Cash Collateral consisting of other credit support, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer in their sole discretion.
Minimum Collateral Amount
Section 2.25(a)(i), (a)(ii) or (a)(iii)
 
"" means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
Multiemployer Plan
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Non-Consenting Lender
Section 2.22
"" means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time.
Non-Defaulting Lender
"" means a sale of accounts receivable by the Borrower or a Subsidiary to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower for fair value (, reflecting a fair market discount from face value) and solely for cash consideration payable at the time of such sale; that neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary provides any Guarantee with respect to the payment or collection of any such account receivable or any portion thereof and the purchaser has no recourse to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or to their assets, in the event of nonpayment of all or any portion of any such account receivable; , , that customary representations and warranties of the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with any such sale as to the ownership, validity, absence of Liens, setoff rights and counterclaims and similar matters with respect to the accounts receivable sold (but not as to collectability or creditworthiness of the account debtor) shall not preclude treatment of a sale of such receivables as a Non-Recourse Receivables Sale.
Non-Recourse Receivables Sale
i.e.
provided
provided
further
"" means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a note and evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of hereto.
Note
Exhibit D
"" means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document (including Swap Contracts entered into after the date of this Agreement to which a Swap Bank is a party entered into after the date of this Agreement) or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, reasonable attorney fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) the obligations of the Borrower to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Borrower.
Obligations
 
"" means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan Document).
Other Connection Taxes
"" means any present or future stamp, court, documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar excise or property Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or from the registration, receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment under ).
Other Taxes
Section 2.19(b)
"" means (a) with respect to Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent Amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Loans occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.
Outstanding Amount
"" means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer, or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market.
Overnight Rate
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Participant
Section 9.04(e)
"" has the meaning specified in .
Participant Register
Section 9.04(f)
"" means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.
Participating Member State
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.
PBGC
"" means:
Permitted Encumbrances
(a) Liens imposed by law for taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with ;
Section 5.04
(b) Liens upon the equity interest or assets of any subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that does not exceed $15,000,000;
 
(c) carriers', warehousemen's, mechanics', materialmen's, repairmen's and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 30 days or are being contested in compliance with;
Section 5.04
(d) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
(e) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; and
(f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary;
that the term "Permitted Encumbrances" shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness.
provided
"" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity.
Person
"" means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an "employer" as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.
Plan
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Platform
Section 5.02
"" means, as of any date of determination, the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its "prime rate". The "prime rate" is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America's costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change.
Prime Rate
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Public Lender
Section 5.02
"" means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any L/C Issuer and (c) any Lender.
Recipient
"" has the meaning set forth in .
Register
Section 9.04(c)
 
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means (a) with respect to a Revolving Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Revolving Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Loan Notice.
Request for Credit Extension
"" means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing at least 51% of the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time; that, for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to if the Commitments have expired or terminated, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to and the Commitments expire or terminate, "Required Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders holding in the aggregate at least 51% of the Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender's risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed "held" by such Lender for purposes of this definition); , that, in each case, the Commitment of, and the portion of the Revolving Credit Exposures or the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders.
Required Lenders
provided
Article VII
Article VII
provided
"" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in .
Reset Date
Section 2.20(a)
"" means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party.
Responsible Officer
"" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Loans of the same Type and currency, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.
Revolving Borrowing
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Revolving Loans denominated in dollars, its Alternative Currency Exposure and its L/C Exposure and Swing Line Exposure at such time.
Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means a Loan made pursuant to .
Revolving Loan
Section 2.03
"" means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency.
Same Day Funds
 
"" means that certain real property located at 17087 Via Del Campo, 17089 Via Del Campo, 17093 Via Del Campo San Diego CA and 17095 Via Del Campo, San Diego, California, and described as Parcel 2 of Parcel Map No. 13441 filed in the Office of the Recorder of the County of San Diego on August 24, 1984 as Document No. 84-324480 of Official Records.
San Diego Facility
"" has the meaning specified in .
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.03(a)
"" for a currency means the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by such Person of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Person acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency.
Spot Rate
provided
"" means, with respect to any Person (the "") at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent's consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.
subsidiary
parent
"" means any subsidiary of the Borrower.
Subsidiary
"" means any Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender in its capacity as a party to a Swap Contract entered into after the date of this Agreement.
Swap Bank
"" means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms
Swap Contract
 
and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a "Master Agreement"), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.
"" means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
Swap Termination Value
"" means a borrowing of Swing Line Loans made on the same date.
Swing Line Borrowing
"" means, with respect to the Swing Line Lender, the Swing Line Lender's commitment to make Swing Line Loans from time to time hereunder in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding.
Swing Line Commitment
"" means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time. The Swing Line Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total Swing Line Exposure at such time.
Swing Line Exposure
"" means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as lender of Swing Line Loans hereunder.
Swing Line Lender
"" means a Loan made pursuant to .
Swing Line Loan
Section 2.05
"" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.
TARGET Day
"" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
"" means that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2011, among the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, the other lenders party thereto from time to time, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, as from time to time amended, restated or refinanced.
Term Loan Agreement
 
"" means, as of any date, the aggregate amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries on such date, without duplication, as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and regardless of whether such Indebtedness would be reflected on a balance sheet.
Total Indebtedness
"" means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of outstanding Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Exposure on such day.
Total Outstandings
"" means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder.
Transactions
"", when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate or the Base Rate.
Type
"" means any Acquisition that has not, at the time of the first public announcement of an offer relating thereto, been approved by the board of directors of the Person to be acquired. For purposes of this definition, "" shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person, or otherwise causing any Person to become a subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is the surviving entity.
Unfriendly Acquisition
Acquisition
"" has the meaning specified in .
Unreimbursed Amount
Section 2.06(d)(i)
"" means a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
U.S. Person
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in .
U.S. Tax Certificate
Section 2.17(f)(ii)(D)(2)
"" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
Withdrawal Liability
"" means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.
Withholding Agent
Section 1.02 . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a "Revolving Loan") or by Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan") or by Class and Type (e.g., a "Eurocurrency Rate Loan Revolving Loan").
Classification of Loans and Borrowings
 
Section 1.03 The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (f) references to "the date hereof" or "the date of this Agreement" shall refer to the Closing Date.
Terms Generally.
Section 1.04
Accounting Terms; GAAP.
(a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.
except
(b) If at any time any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.
provided that
Section 1.05 . (a) The Administrative Agent shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Calculation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent amounts of Revolving Loans and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Calculation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next
Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents
 
Calculation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent.
(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Revolving Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in dollars, but such Revolving Borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Loan is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent.
Section 1.06 . (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Eurocurrency Rate Loans be made in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of "Alternative Currency;" provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into dollars. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.
Additional Alternative Currencies
(b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency.
(c) Any failure by a Lender to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender to permit Eurocurrency Rate Loans to be made in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders consent to making Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Revolving Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower.
Section 1.05
Section 1.07 . (a) Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption (in accordance with the EMU Legislation). If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London
Change of Currency
 
interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any Revolving Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Revolving Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period.
(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro.
(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.
Section 1.08 . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
Times of Day
Section 1.09 . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.
Letter of Credit Amounts
Section 2.01 . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period denominated in dollars or in any Alternative Currency in an aggregate principal amount that will not at any time result in (i) such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender's Commitment, (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitments or (iii) the Alternative Currency Exposure exceeding $100,000,000. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow under this , prepay under and reborrow Revolving Loans under this .
Revolving Loans
Section 2.01
Section 2.11
Section 2.01
Section 2.02 . (a) Each Revolving Loan shall be made as part of a Revolving Borrowing made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; that the Commitments and Swing Line Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender's failure to make Loans as required.
Loans and Borrowings
provided
 
(b) Subject to , each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any Eurocurrency Rate Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan; that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Section 2.14
provided
(c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount (i) in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in dollars, of not less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or (ii) in the case of any Alternative Currency Loans, in an aggregate principal amount the Dollar Equivalent of which is not less than $5,000,000. Each Revolving Borrowing of or conversion to a Base Rate Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of not less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; that a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans may be made in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitments or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as contemplated by . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be in an amount that is not less than $1,000,000 or an integral multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time.
provided
Section 2.06(d)
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date.
Section 2.03 . (a) To request a Revolving Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (i) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in dollars, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Revolving Borrowing, (ii) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans, four Business Days before the date of the proposed Revolving Borrowing or (iii) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of the proposed Revolving Borrowing; that any such Loan Notice of a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Disbursement as contemplated by may be given not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Revolving Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request and Loan Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with :
Requests for Revolving Borrowings
provided
Section 2.06(d)
Section 2.02
(i) the aggregate amount of the requested Revolving Borrowing;
 
(ii) the date of such Revolving Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether such Revolving Borrowing is to be a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans;
(iv) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the currency in which such Revolving Borrowing is to be denominated;
(v) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period"; and
(vi) the location and number of the Borrower's account (or other recipient's account designated in accordance with ) to which funds are to be disbursed.
Section 2.03(b)
If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's duration. If no election as to currency is specified with respect to any Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected dollars. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender's Loan to be made as part of the requested Revolving Borrowing.
(b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Revolving Loans, and if no timely Loan Notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Loans denominated in a currency other than dollars, in each case as described in the preceding subsection (a). In the case of a Revolving Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent's Office for the applicable currency not later than 2:00 p.m. in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in dollars and not later than the applicable time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of Alternative Currency Loans, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in (and, if such Revolving Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting an account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; , , that if, on the date the Loan Notice with respect to such Revolving Borrowing denominated in dollars is given by the Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Borrowing shall be applied, , to the payment in full of any such L/C Credit Extensions, and , shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above.
Section 4.02
Section 4.01
provided
however
first
second
 
(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans (whether in dollars or an Alternative Currency) without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Alternative Currency Loans be prepaid or redenominated into dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof on the last day of the current interest period with respect thereto.
(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurocurrency Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America's prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change.
(e) After giving effect to all Revolving Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans.
(f) The failure of any Lender to make any Loan to be made by it as part of any Revolving Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Revolving Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make any Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Revolving Borrowing.
Section 2.04 .
Intentionally Omitted
Section 2.05 . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender agrees, in its sole discretion, to make Swing Line Loans denominated in dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swing Line Loans exceeding the Swing Line Commitment, (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitments; that the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to, but may make Swing Line Loans, in its sole discretion, to refinance outstanding Swing Line Loans and (iii) Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swing Line Loans. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be in an amount that is not less than $1,000,000 or an integral multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.
Swing Line Loans
provided
 
(b) To request a Swing Line Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy), not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swing Line Borrowing. Each such Loan Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swing Line Borrowing. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swing Line Lender of any such Loan Notice received from the Borrower. The Swing Line Lender shall, subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in , make the Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit to the general deposit account of the Borrower with the Swing Line Lender by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the requested date of such Swing Line Borrowing.
Section 4.02
(c) The Swing Line Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of such Swing Line Lender's Swing Line Loans outstanding. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swing Line Lender, such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such Swing Line Loan or Loans. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan), in the same manner as provided in with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and shall apply, , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swing Line Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swing Line Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swing Line Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swing Line Lender. Any amounts received by the Swing Line Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swing Line Loan after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swing Line Lender, as their interests may appear. The purchase of participations in a Swing Line Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof.
Section 2.07
Section 2.07
mutatis mutandis
Section 2.06 .
Letters of Credit
(a) .
General
(i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each L/C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this , that the Borrower may request the issuance of standby Letters of
Section 2.06
 
Credit denominated in dollars, for its own account, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of Letter of Credit Application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, any L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
(ii) No L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit, if:
(A) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance, unless the Required Lenders have approved such expiry date;
(B) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Lenders have approved such expiry date;
(C) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the L/C Exposure exceeds or would exceed $50,000,000;
(D) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the Total Outstandings exceeds or would exceed the Aggregate Commitments;
(E) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Lender, such Lender's Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations, such Lender's Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans exceeds or would exceed such Lender's Commitment;
plus
plus
(F) immediately before or after giving effect to such Letter of Credit, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations of such L/C Issuer exceeds of would exceed the L/C Issuer Sublimit of such L/C Issuer; or
(G) the currency requested for such Letter of Credit is anything other than dollars.
(iii) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if:
(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over
 
such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;
(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000;
(D) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than dollars;
(E) such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or
(F) any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer's actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.
Section 2.23(a)(iv
(iv) No L/C Issuer shall amend any Letter of Credit if such L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof.
(v) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit.
(vi) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the
 
Administrative Agent in with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term "Administrative Agent" as used in included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C Issuers or any of them.
Article VIII
Article VIII
(b) .
Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions
(i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail, by overnight courier, by electronic transmission using the system provided by the applicable L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such L/C Issuer. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer the following: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit; and (H) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may require. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer the following: (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other matters as such L/C Issuer may require. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the applicable L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as such L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require.
(ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, such L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless the applicable L/C Issuer has
 
received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L/C Issuer's usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender's Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of Credit.
Article IV
(iii) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment.
(c) .
Intentionally Omitted
(d) .
Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations
(i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. The Borrower agrees to pay to the L/C Issuer of any Letter of Credit that has been drawn upon the amount of all draws thereunder, in dollars, no later than (x) 1:00 p.m., New York City time on the Business Day on which the L/C Issuer has provided notice thereof to the Borrower if such notice has been provided prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such Business Day, or (y) no later than 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding Business Day after the Borrower receives such notice from such L/C Issuer if such notice is not received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such day (each such date, an ""), and such L/C Issuer shall provide prompt notice to the Administrative Agent of such reimbursement. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the ""), and the amount of such Lender's Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in (other than the delivery of a Loan Notice). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.
Honor Date
Unreimbursed Amount
Section 2.02(c)
Section 4.02
Section 2.06(d)(i)
provided
 
(ii) Each Lender shall upon any notice pursuant to make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the L/C Issuer, in dollars, at the Administrative Agent's Office in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of , each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan Revolving Loan to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C Issuer in dollars.
Section 2.06(d)(i)
Section 2.06(d)(iii)
(iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans because the conditions set forth in cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate. In such event, each Lender's payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this .
Section 4.02
Section 2.06(d)(ii)
Section 2.06
(iv) Until each Lender funds its Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender's Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer.
Section 2.06(d)
(v) Each Lender's obligation to make Revolving Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against any L/C Issuer, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; , , that each Lender's obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this is subject to the conditions set forth in (other than delivery by the Company of a Loan Notice). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein.
Section 2.06(d)
provided
however
Section 2.06(d)
Section 4.02
 
(vi) If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of any L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this by the time specified in , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the applicable L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable L/C Issuer submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
Section 2.06(d)
Section 2.06(d)(ii)
(e) . The Borrower's obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in paragraph (d) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances, including the following:
Obligations Absolute
(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any term or provision therein;
(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;
(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;
(iv) waiver by the applicable L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuer's protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by such L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower;
 
(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft;
(vi) any payment made by the applicable L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP, as applicable;
(vii) any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or
(viii) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary.
Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the L/C Issuers, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the L/C Issuers; that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse any L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuer's failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any L/C Issuer, such L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.
provided
 
(f) . Each L/C Issuer shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit and shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment; that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement.
Disbursement Procedures
provided
(g) .
Repayment of Participations
(i) At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender's L/C Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in dollars and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent.
Section 2.06(d)
(ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer pursuant to is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
Section 2.06(d)(i)
Section 9.08
(h) . Bank of America or any L/C Issuer that is appointed pursuant to clause (m) below, may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of any L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to and . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by such successor L/C Issuer thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term "L/C Issuer" shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous L/C Issuer, or to such successor and all previous L/C Issuers, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.
Replacement of an L/C Issuer
Sections 2.06(d)
(l)
 
(i) .
Intentionally Omitted
(j) . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrower for, and no L/C Issuer's rights and remedies against the Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of such L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where the L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and TradeInternational Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice.
Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability
(k) . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance, subject to . with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the "") for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.
Letter of Credit Fees
Section 2.23
Letter of Credit Fee
Section 1.09
(l) . The Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum equal to 0.125%, computed on the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the tenth Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with . In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer
Section 1.09
 
(m) . In addition to Bank of America and each L/C Issuer listed on the signature pages hereto as an "L/C Issuer," the Borrower may from time to time, with notice to the Lenders and the consent of the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender being so appointed, appoint additional Lenders to be L/C Issuers hereunder, that the total number of L/C Issuers at any time shall not exceed three Lenders (or such larger number of additional Lenders as the Administrative Agent may agree to permit from time to time). Upon the appointment of a Lender as an L/C Issuer hereunder such Person shall become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder.
Additional L/C Issuers
provided
(n) . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.
Conflict with Issuer Documents
(o) . At any time that there is more than one L/C Issuer, then on (i) the last Business Day of each calendar month, and (ii) each date that an L/C Credit Extension occurs with respect to any Letter of Credit, each L/C Issuer (or, in the case of part (ii), the applicable L/C Issuer) shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a report setting forth in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent information with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer that is outstanding hereunder. In addition, each L/C Issuer shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent of its L/C Issuer Sublimit, or any change thereto, promptly upon it becoming an L/C Issuer or making any change to its L/C Issuer Sublimit. No failure on the part of any L/C Issuer to provide such information pursuant to this shall limit the obligation of the Borrower or any Lender hereunder with respect to its reimbursement and participation obligations, respectively, pursuant to this .
Reporting of Letter of Credit Information and L/C Issuer Sublimit
Section 2.06(o)
Section 2.06
Section 2.07 . (a) . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Alternative Currency Loans, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent's Office in dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 1:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Alternative Currency Loans shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent's Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. Subject to , the Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender's lending office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 1:00 p.m., in the case of payments in dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the
Payments Generally; Administrative Agent's Clawback
General
Section 2.23
 
Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
(b) (i) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by ) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender's Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent
Section 2.03
Section 2.03
(ii) . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.
Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent
 
A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.
(c) . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent
Article II
Article IV
(d) . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under .
Obligations of Lenders Several
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
Section 9.03(c)
(e) . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
Funding Source
Section 2.08 . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Loan Notice and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Loan Notice. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Revolving Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Revolving Borrowing and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Revolving Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Revolving Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Revolving Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swing Line Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued.
Interest Elections
(b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under (immediately followed by a Loan Notice) if the Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request and corresponding written Loan Notice shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower.
Section 2.03
 
(c) Each telephonic Interest Election Request and subsequent written Loan Notice shall specify the following information in compliance with:
Section 2.02
(i) the Revolving Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Revolving Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Revolving Borrowing);
(ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;
(iii) whether the resulting Revolving Borrowing is to consist of Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans; and
(iv) if the resulting Revolving Borrowing is to consist of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term "Interest Period".
If any such Interest Election Request requests a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month's duration in the case of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans.
(d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender's portion of each resulting Revolving Borrowing.
(e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Revolving Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Revolving Borrowing shall be converted to a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Alternative Currency Borrowing, then such Alternative Currency Borrowing shall, at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, become due and payable. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (ii) unless repaid, each Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be converted to a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto.
 
Section 2.09 . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically and permanently terminate on the Maturity Date.
Termination and Reduction of Commitments
(b) The Borrower may on three Business Days' notice at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with , the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitments.
provided
Section 2.11
(c) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination.
provided
Section 2.10 . (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made by such Lender on the Maturity Date and (ii) to the Swing Line Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan made by the Swing Line Lender on the earlier of the Maturity Date and the first date after the Swing Line Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month and is at least four Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made; that on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swing Line Loans then outstanding.
Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt
provided
(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof.
 
(d) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
prima facie
provided
(e) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to ) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).
Section 9.04
Section 2.11 . (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section.
Prepayment of Loans
(b) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Borrowing, the Swing Line Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment under paragraph (a) above or to comply with paragraph (c) below or with (i) in the case of prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swing Line Borrowing, not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans; that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by , then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with . Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in . Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by .
Section 2.20(b)
provided
Section 2.09(c)
Section 2.09(c)
Section 2.02
Section 2.13
(c) In the event of any termination of the Commitments, the Borrower shall on the date of such termination reduce the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure to zero.
 
(d) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; , , that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect.
provided
however
Section 2.11(d)
Section 2.12 . In addition to certain fees described in :
Fees
Section 2.06
(a) . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee in dollars equal to the Applicable Rate the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Loans and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in . The facility fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period (and thereafter so long as any Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). On each such payment date, the amount of facility fee which has accrued to but excluding such payment date shall be due and payable. The facility fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.
Facility Fee
times
Section 2.23
Article IV
(b) .
Intentionally Omitted
(c) . (i) The Borrower shall pay fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter and in hereof. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
Other Fees
Section 2.06
(ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Lenders, in dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
Section 2.13 . (a) The Loans comprising each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans shall bear interest at the Base Rate the Applicable Rate.
Interest
plus
(b) The Loans comprising each Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall bear interest at the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period the Applicable Rate (in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan of any Lender which is lent from a lending office in the United Kingdom or a Participating Member State) the Mandatory Cost;
plus
plus
(c) Intentionally Omitted.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as
 
well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section, (ii) in the case of any other amount (other than Letter of Credit Fees), 2% plus the rate applicable to Base Rate Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section or, if higher, in the case of any amount denominated in a Alternative Currency, the cost to the Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, of maintaining such outstanding amount in the applicable currency or (iii) in the case of Letter of Credit Fees, 2% plus the Applicable Rate (as applicable, the "").
Default Rate
(e) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan; that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of a Base Rate Loan Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment, (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion and (iv) all accrued interest shall be payable upon termination of the Commitments. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
provided
(f) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.
provided
Section 2.07(a)
(g) If, as a result of any restatement (other than a change in reporting of historical financials as a result of the Borrower's election of a new accounting treatment permitted under GAAP) of the financial statements of the Borrower or for any other reason (in each case, other than as a result of any change in GAAP (including the adoption of IFRS)), the Borrower or the Lenders determine that (i) the Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Borrower as of any applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrower shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the
 
excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under or or under . The Borrower's obligations under this paragraph shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder.
Section 2.06(k)
2.13(d)
Article VII
Section 2.14 . If prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans:
Alternate Rate of Interest
(a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Eurocurrency Rate for Loans denominated in the currency of such Revolving Borrowing for such Interest Period;
(b) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Eurocurrency Rate for Loans denominated in the currency of such Revolving Borrowing for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Revolving Borrowing for such Interest Period; or
(c) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that deposits in the applicable currency in the principal amounts of the Loans comprising such Revolving Borrowing are not generally available in the London interbank market or any other market in which the Lenders shall be funding such Loans;
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Revolving Borrowing to, or continuation of any Revolving Borrowing as, a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency shall be ineffective, (ii) if the affected currency is dollars and any Loan Notice requests a Revolving Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such Revolving Borrowing shall be made as a Revolving Borrowing of Base Rate Loans and (iii) if any Loan Notice requests a Alternative Currency Borrowing denominated in the affected currency, such request shall be ineffective.
Section 2.15 . (a) If any Change in Law shall:
Increased Costs
(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except (A) any such reserve requirement reflected in the Eurocurrency Rate and (B) the requirements of the Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank reflected in the Mandatory Cost, other than as set forth below) or any L/C Issuer;
 
(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes on its Loans, loan principal, Letters of Credit, Commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Excluded Taxes);
(iii) result in the failure of the Mandatory Cost, as calculated hereunder, to represent the cost to any Lender of complying with the requirements of the Bank of England and/or the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank in relation to its making, funding or maintaining Eurocurrency Rate Loans; or
(iv) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
(b) If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's capital or liquidity or on the capital of such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's policies and the policies of such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c) A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
 
(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's right to demand such compensation; that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's or such L/C Issuer's intention to claim compensation therefor; that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.
provided
provided further
Section 2.16 . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Revolving Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to , then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such event not occurred, at the Eurocurrency Rate (in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan) that would have been applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for deposits in the applicable currency of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurocurrency market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.
Break Funding Payments
Section 2.11(b)
Section 2.19
Section 2.17 .
Taxes
(a) . Each payment by or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by any law. If any Withholding Agent determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Withholding Agent may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant
Withholding of Taxes; Gross-Up
 
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the applicable Recipient receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made.
(b) . The Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower
(c) . As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
Evidence of Payments
(d) . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient for any Indemnified Taxes that are paid or payable by such Recipient in connection with any Loan Document (including amounts paid or payable under this ) and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority). The indemnity under this shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Recipient delivers to any Loan Party a certificate stating the amount of any Indemnified Taxes so paid or payable by such Recipient and describing the basis for the indemnification claim. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. Such Recipient shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Administrative Agent.
Indemnification by the Borrower
Section 2.17(d)
Section 2.17(d)
(e) . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent for any Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so) attributable to such Lender that are paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The indemnity under this shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of Taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent. Such certificate shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error.
Indemnification by the Lenders
Section 2.17(e)
(f) .
Status of Lenders
(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable withholding Tax with respect to any payments under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made
 
without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to any withholding (including backup withholding) or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in through  below) shall not be required if in the Lender's judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent, any Lender shall update any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this (to the extent it is legally eligible to do so). If any form or certification previously delivered pursuant to this Section expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect with respect to a Lender, such Lender shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days after such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy) notify such Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of such expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy and update the form or certification if it is legally eligible to do so.
Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A)
(F)
Section 2.17(f)
(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, any Lender with respect to such Borrower shall, if it is legally eligible to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies reasonably requested by such Borrower and the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto, duly completed and executed copies of whichever of the following is applicable:
(A) in the case of a Lender that is a U.S. Person, IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax;
(B) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (1) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (2) with respect to any other applicable payments under this Agreement, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income" article of such tax treaty;
 
(C) in the case of a Foreign Lender for whom payments under this Agreement constitute income that is effectively connected with such Lender's conduct of a trade or business in the United States, IRS Form W-8ECI;
(D) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code both (1) IRS Form W-8BEN and (2) a certificate substantially in the form of (a "") to the effect that such Lender is not (a) a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (b) a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code (c) a "controlled foreign corporation" described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (d) conducting a trade or business in the United States with which the relevant interest payments are effectively connected;
Exhibit G
U.S. Tax Certificate
(E) in the case of a Foreign Lender that is not the beneficial owner of payments made under this Agreement (including a partnership or a participating Lender) (1) an IRS Form W-8IMY on behalf of itself and (2) the relevant forms prescribed in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D) and (F) of this paragraph (f)(ii) that would be required of each such beneficial owner or partner of such partnership if such beneficial owner or partner were a Lender; , , that if the Lender is a partnership and one or more of its partners are claiming the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Certificate on behalf of such partners; or
provided
however
(F) any other form prescribed by law as a basis for claiming exemption from, or a reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax together with such supplementary documentation necessary to enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the amount of Tax (if any) required by law to be withheld.
(iii) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Withholding Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent as may be necessary for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA and, as necessary, to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this , "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Section 2.17(f)(iii)
 
(g) . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this (including additional amounts paid pursuant to this ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments previously made under this with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including any Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid to such indemnifying party pursuant to the previous sentence (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this , in no event will any indemnified party be required to pay any amount to any indemnifying party pursuant to this if such payment would place such indemnified party in a less favorable position (on a net after-Tax basis) than such indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.
Treatment of Certain Refunds
Section 2.17
Section 2.17
Section 2.17
Section 2.17(g)
Section 2.17(g)
Section 2.17(g)
(h) . Each party's obligations under this shall survive any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations under the Loan Documents.
Survival
Section 2.17
Section 2.18 . (a) Except as may be reasonably specified on reasonable notice by the Administrative Agent as it from time to time deems necessary or appropriate with respect to any Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of L/C Disbursements, or of amounts payable under , or , or otherwise) from a location in the United States of America prior to 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Office, except payments to be made directly to the applicable L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to , , and shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, as the case may be.
Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs
Section 2.15
2.16
2.17
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
 
(b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed L/C Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed L/C Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed L/C Disbursements then due to such parties.
(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in L/C Disbursements or Swing Line Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in L/C Disbursements and Swing Line Loans; that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in or (z) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in L/C Disbursements to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
provided
Section 2.25,
(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each Lender or each L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.
 
(e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to , , or , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender's obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.
Section 2.05(c)
2.06(d)
2.07(b)
2.18(c)
Section 2.19 . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to , or if any Lender gives notice pursuant to , then such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to or , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
Section 2.24
Section 2.15
2.17
Section 2.24
(b) If any Lender requests compensation under , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to , or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in ), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Commitment is being assigned, the applicable L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender), which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100% of the outstanding principal of its Loans, L/C Advances and Swing Line Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under or payments required to be made pursuant to , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments and (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
Section 9.04
provided
Section 2.15
Section 2.17
 
Section 2.20 . (a) On each Calculation Date, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date with respect to each Alternative Currency and (ii) give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rates so determined shall become effective on the first Business Day immediately following the relevant Calculation Date (each a ""), shall remain effective until the next succeeding Reset Date and shall during the period of their effectiveness be employed in making any computation of currency equivalents required to be made under this Agreement (other than any computation required under ). Not later than 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Reset Date, on the date of each Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall (i) determine the Dollar Equivalents of each Alternative Currency Loan then outstanding (after giving effect to any Alternative Currency Loan made or repaid on such date) and (ii) notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the results of such determination.
Currency Equivalents; Currency Fluctuations
Reset Date
Section 9.14
(b) If on any Reset Date or on the date of any Borrowing (after giving effect to any Loans to be made or repaid on such date and to any increase or decrease in the L/C Exposure to occur on such date) (i) the Alternative Currency Exposure exceeds $200,000,000 or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds the Aggregate Commitments, then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of such excess. Not later than four Business Days after receiving such notice the Borrower shall reduce the Alternative Currency Exposure or the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure, as applicable, by an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess; prior to the elimination of (A) any such excess described in clause (i), no further Loans may be made denominated in any currency other than dollars and (B) any such excess described in clause (ii), no further Loans may be made and no new Letter of Credit may be issued. If, as a result of currency exchange rate fluctuations, the Dollar Equivalent of Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed the Aggregate Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay the Loans as necessary to eliminate such excess at the end of applicable interest periods or, if the Dollar Equivalent of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds 105% of the Aggregate Commitments, at other times.
Section 2.21 . (a) The Borrower may at any time, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, request Additional Credit Commitments from one or more Additional Credit Lenders, which may include any existing Lender; that at no time shall the aggregate amount of Additional Credit Commitments effected pursuant to this paragraph exceed $200,000,000; that each Additional Credit Lender (and any increase in the Commitment of an Additional Credit Lender that is an existing Lender) shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld). Each such notice shall set forth (A) the amount of the Additional Credit Commitments being requested (which shall be in a minimum amount of $50,000,000) and (B) the date on which such Additional Credit Commitments are requested to become effective (which shall not be less than ten business days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the applicable Additional Credit Lender) nor more than 45 days after the date of such notice (an "")).
Increase in Revolving Commitments
provided
provided further
Increase Effective Date
(b) The Borrower and each Person that in its sole discretion agrees to be an Additional Credit Lender in accordance with paragraph (a) above shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Additional Credit Assumption Agreement and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the Additional Credit Commitment of such Additional Credit Lender. The Administrative Agent shall promptly
 
notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Additional Credit Assumption Agreement. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Additional Credit Assumption Agreement, each such Additional Credit Lender shall, to the extent not an existing Lender, become a Lender hereunder and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Additional Credit Commitment evidenced thereby.
(c) Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative Agent may take any and all actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that, after giving effect to any Additional Credit Commitment pursuant to this , the outstanding Revolving Loans (if any) are held by the Lenders in accordance with their new pro rata percentages. This may be accomplished at the discretion of the Administrative Agent (A) by requiring the outstanding Revolving Loans to be prepaid with the proceeds of a new Revolving Borrowing, (B) by causing the existing Lenders to assign portions of their outstanding Loans to Additional Credit Lenders, which assignments shall be deemed to be effective pursuant to or (C) by any combination of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in order to eliminate any break funding liability of the Borrower, if, upon the date that any Additional Credit Commitment becomes effective pursuant to this , there is an unpaid principal amount of Revolving Loans to the Borrower, the principal outstanding amount of all such Revolving Loans shall (x) in the case of Revolving Loans which are Base Rate Loans, be immediately prepaid by the Borrower (but all such Base Rate Loans may, on the terms and conditions hereof, be reborrowed on such date on a pro rata basis, based on the revised Commitments as then in effect) and (y) in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, continue to remain outstanding (notwithstanding any other requirement in this Agreement that such Eurocurrency Rate Loans be held on a pro rata basis based on the revised Commitments as then in effect) until the end of the then current Interest Period therefor, at which time such Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be paid by the Borrower to the Revolving Lenders on a pro rata basis, based on their Commitments (if any) immediately prior to giving effect to any Additional Credit Commitments (but all such Eurocurrency Rate Loans may, on the terms and conditions hereof, be reborrowed on such date on a pro rata basis, based on the Commitments as then in effect); provided, further, however, that if any Event of Default occurs prior to the end of the then current Interest Period for any such outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loan, each Additional Credit Lender will promptly purchase assignments of each such Eurocurrency Rate Loan at par (which assignments shall be deemed effective under ) in such amounts so that immediately after giving effect thereto, such Eurocurrency Rate Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with their Commitments (including the Additional Credit Commitments).
Section 2.21
Section 9.04
Section 2.21
Section 9.04
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Additional Credit Commitment shall become effective under this unless on the date of such effectiveness, the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of shall be satisfied and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower.
Section 2.21
Section 4.02
Section 2.22 . (a) The Borrower may by written notice (an "") delivered to the Administrative Agent not less than 30 days prior to the Maturity Date then in effect (the "") request a one-year extension of the
Extension of Maturity Date
Extension Notice
Existing Maturity Date
 
Existing Maturity Date, that the Maturity Date may not be extended beyond June 15, 2019. Any such notice shall specify any fees that the Borrower agrees to pay as consideration for such extension. Any extension of an Existing Maturity Date shall become effective hereunder if consented to by the Required Lenders pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section and if (i) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of the Extension Notice or the Existing Maturity Date, (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in shall be true and correct in all material respects as if made on the date of such Extension Notice and the Existing Maturity Date, and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Existing Maturity Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, confirming compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence.
provided
Article III
(b) The effectiveness of any extension of the Maturity Date shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, each Lender participating in such extension of the Maturity Date and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall promptly furnish a copy of the Extension Notice to each Lender, and shall request that each Lender either agree to such extension or not agree thereto not later than the earlier of (i) 10 days after of receiving such Extension Notice and (ii) 20 days prior to the Existing Maturity Date. Any Lender not responding within the above time period shall be deemed not to have consented to such extension. The decision to agree or withhold agreement to any extension of the Maturity Date hereunder shall be at the sole discretion of each Lender. The Commitment of any Lender that has declined to agree to any requested extension of the Maturity Date (a "") shall terminate on the Existing Maturity Date, and the principal amount of any outstanding Loans made by such Lender, together with any accrued interest thereon, and any accrued fees and other amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender hereunder, shall be due and payable on the Existing Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Borrower shall have the right, pursuant to , to replace a Non-Consenting Lender with a Lender or other financial institution that will assume the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender and agree to an extension of the Maturity Date.
Non-Consenting Lender
Section 2.19(b)
Section 2.23 .
Defaulting Lenders
(a) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:
Adjustments
(i) . Such Defaulting Lender's right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of "Required Lenders" and .
Waivers and Amendments
Section 9.02
(ii) . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: , to the
Defaulting Lender Waterfall
Article VII
Section 9.08
first
 
payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; , to Cash Collateralize any L/C Issuer's Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with ; , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender's potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the applicable L/C Issuer's future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with ; , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
second
third
Section 2.25
fourth
fifth
Section 2.25
sixth
seventh
eighth
provided
Section 4.02
Section 2.23(a)(iv)
Section 2.23(a)(ii)
(iii) .
Certain Fees
(A) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees payable under Sections 2.12(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to .
Section 2.25
 
(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to .
Section 2.25
(C) With respect to any fee payable under any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to  or  above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender's participation in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to  below, (y) pay to the applicable L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer's or Swing Line Lender's Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.
Section 2.09(a)
clause (A)
(B)
clause (iv)
(iv) . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender's participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender's Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender's Commitment. No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender's increased exposure following such reallocation.
Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure
Section 4.02
(v) . If the reallocation described in above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders' Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the applicable L/C Issuers' Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in .
Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans
clause (a)(iv)
Section 2.25
 
(b) . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and the L/C Issuers agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and , , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender.
Defaulting Lender Cure
Section 2.23(a)(iv)
provided
provided
further
Section 2.24 If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund Eurocurrency Rate Loans (whether denominated in dollars or an Alternative Currency), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in dollars, to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in dollars, convert all such Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.
Illegality.
 
Section 2.25 .
Cash Collateral
(a) . If (i) any L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall immediately (in the case of  above) or within one Business Day (in all other cases) following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to  above, after giving effect to and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).
Certain Credit Support Events
Section 7.02(c)
clause (iii)
clause (iv)
Section 2.23(a)(iv)
(b) . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.
Grant of Security Interest
Section 2.25(c)
(c) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this , , , or in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein.
Application
Section 2.25
2.06
2.18
2.23
7.02
(d) . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with )) or (ii) the determination by
Release
Section 9.04(b)
 
the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; , however, (x) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
provided
The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that:
Section 3.01 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required.
Organization; Powers
Section 3.02 . The Transactions are within the Borrower's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate and, if required, stockholder action. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Authorization; Enforceability
Section 3.03 . The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate in any material respect any applicable law or regulation or the charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or any order of any Governmental Authority, other than any such violation by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations by the Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (c) will not violate in any material respect or result in a default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or its assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, other than any such violation or default by a Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all such violations and defaults by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries.
Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts
 
Section 3.04 . (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2012, each certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and for such period in accordance with GAAP, subject to audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change
(b) There has been no material adverse change with respect to the business, operations, performance, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, since December 31, 2011.
Section 3.05 . (a) Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes.
Properties
(b) Except for Disclosed Matters, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights and other intellectual property (other than patents) material to its business without written notice of conflict with the rights of any other Person, except for any such conflicts that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except for Disclosed Matters, neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is aware of any claim that its products or services infringe any third party patent, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 3.06 . (a) There are no actions, suits, proceedings or ongoing investigations by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against, nor has the Borrower received written notice threatening any action, suit, proceeding or investigation against or affecting the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (i) which could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters) or (ii) that involve this Agreement or the Transactions.
Litigation and Environmental Matters
(b) Except for the Disclosed Matters and except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability.
(c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 3.07 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property and all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing.
Compliance with Laws and Agreements
Section 3.08 . Neither the Borrower nor any of the Subsidiaries is an "investment company" as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940.
Investment Company Status
Section 3.09 . Each of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal and other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it, except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves.
Taxes
Section 3.10 . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan by more than 15%.
ERISA
Section 3.11 . The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of the Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information, including the Information Memorandum, furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), as of the date furnished or delivered by or on behalf of the Borrower, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Disclosure
provided
Section 3.12 . (a) Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock.
Federal Reserve Regulations
(b) No Letter of Credit and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or (ii) for any purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof.
 
Section 3.13 . The Letters of Credit and the proceeds of the Loans will be used only for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, including acquisitions, subject to the limitations set forth in .
Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit
Section 6.06
Section 3.14 . As of the date hereof, the Persons listed on are the only Subsidiaries and the Subsidiaries indicated on such schedule to be Material Subsidiaries are the only Material Subsidiaries.
Subsidiaries
Schedule 3.14
Section 4.01 . The obligation of each L/C Issuer and each of the Lenders to make their initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions of Initial Credit Extension
(a) The Administrative Agent's receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders:
(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower;
(ii) an original Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note;
(iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer on behalf of such Loan Party in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;
(iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrower and Guarantors is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, including, certified copies of the Borrower's organization documents, certificates of good standing and/or qualification to engage in business and tax clearance certificates;
 
(v) favorable written opinions addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated as of the Closing date of (i) Margaret A. Treese, Chief Corporate and Governance Counsel of the Borrower and (ii) Thompson Hine LLP, special counsel to the Borrower, substantially in the forms set forth in and , respectively, and covering such other matters relating to the Borrower, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as the Required Lenders shall reasonable request;
Exhibits B-1
B-2
(vi) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals of Governmental Authorities and other Persons required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and, required in connection with the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required;
(vii) copies of the financial statements referred to in and , and a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011, that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and (B) compliance with and as of the most recent fiscal quarter end; and
Sections 5.01(a)
(b)
Section 6.11
6.12
(viii) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers, the Swing Line Lender or the Required Lenders reasonably may require.
(b) Any fees and expenses required to be paid on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid.
(c) The Borrower shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements of counsel incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings ( that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent).
provided
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or
Section 9.02
Section 4.01
 
accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
Section 4.02 . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans), an Extension Notice in accordance with or a request for Additional Credit Commitments in accordance with is subject to the following conditions precedent:
Conditions to all Credit Extensions
Section 2.22
Section 2.21
(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, any Extension Notice and any Increase Effective Date, (i) except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, (ii) except that for purposes of this , the representations and warranties contained in shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of and (iii) together with any additional items that will be disclosed on updated Schedules delivered on the next scheduled delivery date, as to which the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent in writing.
Article III
Section 4.02
Section 3.04
Section 5.01
(b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof, extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with or increase in Aggregate Commitments in accordance with .
Section 2.22
Section 2.21
(c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, shall have received a Request for Credit Extension, the certificate referred to in with respect to an Extension Notice or the certificate referred to in with respect to any increase in Aggregate Commitments, as applicable, in accordance with the requirements hereof.
Section 2.22(a)
Section 2.21(d)
(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received such other approvals, opinions or documents as the Required Lenders, through the Administrative Agent, may reasonably request.
Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans), certificate referred to in with respect to an Extension Notice and certificate referred to in with respect to any increase in the Aggregate Commitments, as applicable, submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in and  have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension, the effective date of an Extension Notice or the Increase Effective Date, as applicable.
Section 2.22(a)
Section 2.21(d)
Sections 4.02(a)
(b)
 
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all L/C Disbursements have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 5.01 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent:
Financial Statements and Other Information
(a) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by PricewaterhouseCoopers, L.L.P., or other independent registered public accounting firm of recognized national standing (without a "going concern" or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied;
(b) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower, its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, changes in shareholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by one of its Responsible Officers as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and the consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;
(c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations (A) of the components of the Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal period in respect of which such financial statements are being delivered and (B) confirming compliance with and and each other provision of imposing a numerical limit, and (iii) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements referred to in and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
Sections 6.11
6.12
Article VI
Section 3.04
 
(d) concurrently with any delivery of consolidated financial statements under clause (a) above, a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their audit of such consolidated financial statements of any Default insofar as it relates to accounting matters (which certificate may be limited to the extent required by accounting rules or guidelines);
(e) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other materials filed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of said Commission, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders generally, as the case may be; and
(f) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.
Section 5.02 . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:
Notices of Material Events
(a) the occurrence of any Default;
(b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or affecting the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $25,000,000; and
(d) any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect.
Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer or other executive officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto.
The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, "") by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or another similar electronic system (the "") and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a "") may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to any of the Borrowers or their respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons' securities. Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked "PUBLIC" which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word "PUBLIC" shall appear prominently on the first
Borrower Materials
Platform
Public Lender
 
page thereof; (ii) by marking Borrower Materials "PUBLIC," the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws (, , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in ); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked "PUBLIC" are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated "Public Investor;" and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked "PUBLIC" as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated "Public Investor." Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Borrower shall be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials "PUBLIC."
provided
however
Section 9.12
Section 5.03 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges and franchises material to the conduct of its business; that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under .
Existence; Conduct of Business
provided
Section 6.04
Section 5.04 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, pay its obligations, including Tax liabilities, that, if not paid, could result in a Material Adverse Effect before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (b) the Borrower or such Subsidiary has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Payment of Obligations
Section 5.05 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, (a) keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations (after giving effect to customary self insurance).
Maintenance of Properties; Insurance
Section 5.06 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities (including with respect to ERISA if applicable). The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested.
Books and Records; Inspection Rights
 
Section 5.07 . The Borrower will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all laws, rules, regulations and orders (including ERISA if applicable) of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or its property, except such as may be contested by the Borrower or the applicable Subsidiary in good faith or as to which a bona fide dispute may exist and except for noncompliance by any Subsidiary that individually or taken together with all noncompliance by Subsidiaries could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws
Section 5.08 . Within 60 days after (a) the formation or acquisition of any new direct or indirect Subsidiary by any Loan Party that qualifies as a Material Subsidiary or (b) any existing Subsidiary becomes a Material Subsidiary, the Borrower shall, at the Borrower's expense, (x) cause such Material Subsidiary, and cause each direct and indirect parent of such Material Subsidiary (if it has not already done so), to duly execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a joinder agreement satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Material Subsidiary shall join as a party to the Guaranty (or execute and deliver a separate new Guaranty substantially in the form of the existing Guaranty), and (y) if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, deliver to the Administrative Agent, a signed copy of a favorable opinion of counsel for the Loan Parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (certain of which opinions, in the Administrative Agent's discretion, may be given by in-house counsel) as to such matters as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
Material Subsidiaries
Section 5.09 . The proceeds of the Credit Extensions shall be used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries not in contravention of any Law or any Loan Document.
Use of Proceeds
Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired or terminated and all L/C Disbursements have been reimbursed, the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that:
Section 6.01 . The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary to create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except:
Subsidiary Indebtedness
(a) the Obligations;
(b) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary;
(c) Guarantees by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted under this Agreement;
 
(d) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary as an account party in respect of trade letters of credit;
(e) Indebtedness of a special purpose subsidiary which is established for the purpose of issuing Indebtedness guaranteed by the Borrower and which does not own any material assets other than an intercompany loan(s) to the Borrower; and
(f) other Indebtedness of the Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time that, when aggregated (without duplication) with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (c) of with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to clause (b) of and with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to clause (a) of does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.02,
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 5.01
Section 6.02 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except:
Liens
(a) Permitted Encumbrances;
(b) filings of UCC financing statements or other similar filings in foreign jurisdictions with respect to Non-Recourse Receivables Sales permitted by ; and
Section 6.05
(c) other Liens not otherwise permitted under the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) securing claims in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding that when aggregated (without duplication) with all Indebtedness incurred under clause (e) of with the aggregate amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with sale and leaseback transactions permitted pursuant to clause (b) of and with the any San Diego Excess Amount incurred pursuant to clause (a) of does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to .
Section 6.01,
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 5.01
Section 6.03 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into or permit to exist any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property which it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred; , , that, notwithstanding the above, the Borrower or any
Sale and Leaseback Transactions
provided
however
 
Subsidiary may engage in or permit to exist (a) any sale and leaseback of the San Diego Facility, that if the Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection therewith exceeds $100,000,000, the amount of such Attributable Indebtedness in excess of $100,000,000 (the "") shall be included in the calculations set forth in , and clause (b) of this , and (b) any other sale and leaseback transaction if, immediately after the consummation of such transaction, the aggregate outstanding amount of Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with all sale and leaseback transactions referred to in this clause (b) of , when aggregated (without duplication) with any San Diego Excess Amount incurred under clause (a) of this , all Indebtedness incurred under clause (e) of and with the aggregate amount of all claims and obligations secured by Liens permitted pursuant to clause (c) of , does not exceed the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to . In addition, and notwithstanding the above, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, free from the restriction contained in this Section, lease back all or a portion of real property (and any related personal property or fixtures) sold by it, that such lease is for a term not in excess of six months and such sale is not entered into for financing purposes.
provided
San Diego Excess Amount
Section 6.01(f)
Section 6.02(c)
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 6.03
Section 6.01
Section 6.02
Section 5.01
provided
Section 6.04 . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets, or all or substantially all of the stock of any of the Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired), or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving corporation, (ii) any Person may merge with or into any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary and any Material Subsidiary may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Borrower or any other Material Subsidiary, (iv) any Subsidiary may merge with or into any Material Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Material Subsidiary and (v) any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and any distribution or other transfer of assets in connection with such liquidation or dissolution is made to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in an amount consistent with such Person's ownership percentage of the Subsidiary being dissolved or liquidated.
Fundamental Changes
(b) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, engage to any material extent in any line of business material to the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than businesses currently conducted by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries and businesses in the information technologies or computer industries and businesses reasonably related thereto.
 
Section 6.05 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or a substantial portion of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired), except that the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may (i) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory as a part of the outsourcing of a manufacturing activity previous conducted by the Borrower pursuant to which the Borrower or the Subsidiaries intend to repurchase substantially all of such inventory (or goods manufactured therewith) for resale to customers, (ii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of inventory and obsolete equipment, in the ordinary course of business, (iii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any individual transaction not related to any other such transaction if the aggregate fair market value of the assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in such transaction is less than $5,000,000, (iv) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property to the Borrower or a Subsidiary in any transaction permitted by , (v) sell accounts receivable in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, that the aggregate amount of accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries which shall have been sold in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales pursuant to this during any fiscal quarter shall not exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of the amount equal to the aggregate amount outstanding of all accounts receivable of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal quarter plus the aggregate amount of such accounts receivable sold during such quarter in Non-Recourse Receivables Sales, (vi) sell (and leaseback) the San Diego Facility to the extent permitted under , and (vii) sell, lease or otherwise dispose of property in any other transaction otherwise permitted under this Agreement, that the aggregate book value of all assets sold, leased or otherwise disposed of in transactions under this clause (vi) shall not when taken together at the time of each such sale, lease or other disposition exceed the greater of (x) $150,000,000 and (y) 15% of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the last day of the most recent fiscal period in respect of which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to at such time.
Asset Sales
Section 6.04(a)(iii)
provided
Section 6.05
Section 6.03
provided
Section 5.01
Section 6.06 . No Credit Extension will be used, (a) whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, (i) to purchase or carry Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock or to refund Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose or (ii) for any purpose which entails a violation of, or which is inconsistent with, the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, without limitation, Regulation T, U or X thereof, or (b) directly or through any Subsidiary, to finance any Unfriendly Acquisition, or (c) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default, to finance any Acquisition.
Margin Stock; Unfriendly Acquisitions
Section 6.07 . The Borrower will not change its fiscal year end from December 31.
Fiscal Year
Section 6.08 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets, or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its capital stock or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary;
Restrictive Agreements
provided
 
that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions imposed by law or by this Agreement, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on (but shall apply to any amendment or modification expanding the scope of, any such restriction or condition), (iii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (iv) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (v) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof, (vi) the foregoing shall not apply to such restrictions and conditions applicable to any Subsidiary acquired after the date hereof if such restrictions and conditions existed at the time such Subsidiary was acquired and were not created in anticipation of such acquisition and (vii) the foregoing shall not apply to one or more Subsidiaries having any such restriction or condition so long as any such Subsidiary is not a Material Subsidiary, and each such Subsidiary together with all other such Subsidiaries in the aggregate shall not account for more than 10% of the gross revenues for the most recently ended fiscal year of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Schedule 6.08
Section 6.09 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any transaction of any kind with any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary (each, a ""), whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on fair and reasonable terms substantially favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arms' length transaction with a Person other than a Non-Material Subsidiary.
Transactions with Non-Material Subsidiaries
Non-Material Subsidiary
Section 6.10 . The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, hold any Investments, except (a) Investments permitted under and not prohibited by and (b) other Investments that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Investments
Section 6.01
Section 6.06
Section 6.11 . The Borrower will not permit the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Cash Interest Expense for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be less than 3.00 to 1.00.
Cash Interest Coverage Ratio
Section 6.12 . The Borrower will not permit the Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter to be more than 3.00 to 1.00.
Leverage Ratio
 
Section 7.01 . If any of the following events ("") shall occur:
Events of Default
Events of Default
(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any L/C Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise;
(b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this ) payable under this Agreement, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five days;
Article VII
(c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any amendment or modification hereof or waiver hereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made;
(d) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in or (with respect to the Borrower's existence) or in ;
Section 5.02
5.03
Article VI
(e) the Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d) of this Article), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender);
(f) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall be in default with respect to any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness;
(g) (i) any "Event of Default" shall occur under the Term Loan Agreement or (ii) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due or that enables or permits the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof prior to its scheduled maturity and any applicable grace period specified in the agreement or instrument evidencing such Material Indebtedness shall have expired or there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than $50,000,000; that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted under ;
provided
Section 6.05
 
(h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;
(i) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Borrower or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
(j) the Borrower or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;
(k) (i) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $25,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 30 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or (ii) any non-monetary judgment, order or decree is entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary which does or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be any period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect;
(l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
(m) a Change in Control shall occur; or
(n) any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract), at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract); or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document
 
(excluding any Swap Contract), or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document (excluding any Swap Contract); , that this provision shall not apply to (i) any event described in this clause (n) arising with respect to any former Loan Party that ceased to be a Loan Party in a manner permitted hereunder before such event occurred and (ii) any Swap Contract (which shall be governed by hereof);
provided
Section 7.01(g)
then the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders or upon the occurrence of an event described in the proviso to , shall, take any or all of the actions described in .
Section 7.02
Section 7.02
Section 7.02 . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
Remedies Upon Event of Default
(a) declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower;
(c) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and
(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents;
, , that upon the occurrence of any event described in or with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
provided
however
Section 7.01(h)
Section 7.01(i)
Section 7.03 . After the exercise of remedies provided for in (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to ), any amounts received by the Administrative Agent on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of and , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order:
Application of Funds
Section 7.02
Section 7.02
Sections 2.23
2.25
 
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under ) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such;
First
Article II
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, Letter of Credit Fees and Commitment Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them;
Second
Article II
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees, Commitment Fees and interest on the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them;
Third
, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them;
Fourth
, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrower pursuant to and ; and
Fifth
Sections 2.06
2.25
, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law.
Last
Subject to , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied in the order set forth above.
Section 2.06(d)
Fifth
Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term "agent" herein or in any
 
other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
The bank serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefore to the Lenders.
The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in ), that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in and ) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender, or an L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or, except as provided in clause (v) below, conditions set forth herein or therein or the
Section 9.02
provided
Sections 7.02
9.02
 
occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
Article IV
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Credit Extension, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Credit Extension. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.
The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the ""), then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date.
Resignation Effective Date
 
If the bank serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to  of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Borrower and such bank remove such bank as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the ""), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.
clause (d)
Removal Effective Date
With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent other than as provided in and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent's resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
Section 2.17(g)
Section 9.03
Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to . If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation. Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor L/C Issuer with respect to the Letters of
Section 2.06(d)
 
Credit issued by Bank of America and the related L/C Obligations (which may be another existing L/C Issuer) or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit.
Each Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
The banks (or Affiliates thereof) identified in this Agreement as a "syndication agent," "documentation agent" or "book manager" or Arrangers shall not have any right, power, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all banks herein.
In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise.
(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations (other than Obligations relating to any Swap Contract) that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under , and ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
Sections 2.06
2.12
9.03
(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make
 
such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under and .
Sections 2.12
9.03
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer in any such proceeding.
The Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Material Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted hereunder.
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent's authority to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty pursuant to this .
Article VIII
Section 9.01 .
Notices
(a) . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows:
General
(1) if to the Borrower, Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender or Bank of America as an L/C Issuer, to the notice address set forth on ; and
Schedule 9.01
(2) if to any other Lender or any other L/C Issuer, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire.
Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of receipt.
(b) . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to
Electronic Communications
provided
 
any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, each L/C Issuer or the Borrower may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
Article II
provided
Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor.
provided
(c) . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the "") have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower's or the Administrative Agent's transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; , , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).
The Platform
Agent Parties
provided
however
(d) . Each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent
Change of Address, Etc
 
from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the "Private Side Information" or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender's compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the "Public Side Information" portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws.
(e) .The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Borrowing Requests, Loan Notices and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders
Section 9.02 . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders hereunder are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time.
Waivers; Amendments
(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified, except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender or increase the Swing Line Commitment of any Swing Line Lender without the written consent of such Swing Line
provided
 
Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or L/C Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, or change the manner of computation of any financial ratio (including any change in any applicable defined term) used in determining the Applicable Rate that would result in a reduction of any interest rate on any Loan or Letter of Credit or any fee payable hereunder without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of any principal amount of any Loan or L/C Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby, , , that only the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of "Default Rate" or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate, (iv) change or  in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender, (vi) waive any condition set forth in without the written consent of each Lender, or (vii) release any Guarantor from the Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender; that (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the applicable L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (B) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (C) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (D) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (x) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (1) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) this Agreement may be amended to extend the Maturity Date or to provide for Additional Credit Commitments in the manner contemplated by and and without any additional consents.
provided
however
Section 2.18(b)
(c)
Section 4.01(a)
provided further
Sections 2.21
2.22
Section 9.03 . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel (including the allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel), in connection with the syndication of the credit facility provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
 
contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the applicable L/C Issuer in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel (including, in the case of the Administrative Agent, allocated costs and expenses of in-house counsel) for the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.
(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Arranger, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, ; that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee.
Indemnitee
Section 2.17
IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE
provided
(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, such L/C
 
Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such.
provided
(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the Transactions any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such Indemnitee unintended recipients by such through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
(e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
(f) The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
Section 9.04 . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any L/C Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit), except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this , or (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any L/C Issuer that issues any Letter of Credit) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Successors and Assigns
Section 9.04
Section 9.04
(b) Any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and
 
the Loans at the time owing to it); that (i) each of the Borrower (except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund), the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender must give its prior written consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (ii) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment, the amount of the Commitment of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consents, (iii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, except that this clause (iii) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500, (iv) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more Credit Contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower and its Related Parties or its securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee's compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws, (v) no such assignment shall be made to any Person that, through its lending offices, is not capable of lending the applicable Alternative Currencies to the relevant Borrowers without the imposition of any additional Indemnified Taxes and (vi) no such assignment shall be made to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (vi); and that any consent of the Borrower otherwise required under this paragraph shall (x) not be required if an Event of Default under has occurred and is continuing and (y) be deemed consented to unless Borrower shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after receiving any notice under this paragraph. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder, to the extent not already a party hereto, shall become a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have (in addition to any such rights and obligations theretofore held by it) the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of , , and ); , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section.
provided
provided further
Article VII
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
provided
 
In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs.
(c) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at one of its offices in The City of New York a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and L/C Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, any L/C Issuer and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
Register
(d) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
(e) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than a Defaulting Lender) (each, a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans and L/C Disbursements owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the
Participant
provided
 
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of , and (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under (it being understood that the documentation required under shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under or , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant, if notice of such Participant is given to the Borrower, also shall be entitled to the benefits of as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to as though it were a Lender.
provided
Section 9.02(b)
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
Section 2.17(f)
Section 2.17(f)
provided
Section 2.19
Sections 2.15
2.17
Section 2.19
Section 9.08
Section 2.18(c)
(f) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant's interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the ""); that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
Participant Register
provided
(g) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
provided
 
(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America or any other L/C Issuer assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, then (i) Bank of America or such other L/C Issuer may, upon 30 days' notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer and/or (ii) Bank of America may, upon 30 days' notice to the Borrower, resign as the Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation of an L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer (which may be an existing L/C Issuer) or Swing Line Lender hereunder; , , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America or the applicable L/C Issuer as an L/C Issuer or of Bank of America as the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If Bank of America or any other L/C Issuer resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto. Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer with respect to such resigning L/C Issuer (x) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer and (y) such successor L/C Issuer (or another of the L/C Issuers, as may be arranged by the Borrower) shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, issued by the resigning L/C Issuer and outstanding at the time of such succession, or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America or such other resigning L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America or such other resigning L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation. Upon the appointment of a successor Swing Line Lender, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Swing Line Lender.
provided
however
(i) The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state Laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 9.05 . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or
Survival
 
warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any L/C Disbursement or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of , , and and shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans and L/C Disbursements, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
Sections 2.15
2.16
2.17
9.03
Article VIII
Section 9.06 . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, any notes issued pursuant to it and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
Section 4.01
Section 9.07 . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
Severability
Section 9.07
Section 9.08 . (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured; , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further
Right of Setoff; Payments Set Aside
provided
 
application in accordance with the provisions of and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and each L/C Issuer under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender and such L/C Issuer may have.
Section 2.23
(b) To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender (including any Defaulting Lender) exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.
Section 9.09 . (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
(b) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
 
(c) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in . Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Section 9.01
Section 9.10 . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
Section 9.11 . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
Headings
Section 9.12 . (a) Each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (i) to its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates' respective directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which event, the party receiving such subpoena or legal process will, if permitted, as promptly as practicable give notice thereof to the Borrower and use reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, to cooperate with the Borrower in seeking a protective order), (iv) to any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section and naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary (in the absence of a provision naming the Borrower as a third party beneficiary, the applicable Lender hereby agrees to use its reasonable efforts, at the expense of the Borrower, upon the request of the Borrower to
Confidentiality
 
enforce such agreement), to (A) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (B) any counterparty to, or any prospective counterparty to (or such counterparty or prospective counterparty's advisors), any swap, securitization or derivative, or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (vii) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection with rating the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (B) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (viii) with the consent of the Borrower or (ix) to the extent such Information (A) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (B) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender or any of their Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower not known by it to be bound by obligations of confidentiality. For the purposes of this Section, "" means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender or any of their Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower; that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
Information
provided
(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES, AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS, FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWER AND ITS RELATED PARTIES OR ITS RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
SECTION 9.12(a)
 
Section 9.13 . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the ""), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the "") which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate.
Interest Rate Limitation
Charges
Maximum Rate
Section 9.14 . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given.
Judgment Currency
(b) The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the "") shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder.
Applicable Creditor
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
Section 9.14
Section 9.15 Each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the ""), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable "know your customer" and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.
USA Patriot Act Notice.
Act
Section 9.16 . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates' understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers are arm's-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers, on the other hand, (B) each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate,
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
 
and (C) the Borrower and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor either Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent and either Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
Section 9.17 . The undersigned Lenders, also being all the lenders under the Term Loan Agreement, hereby waive any breach of Section 6.08 of the Term Loan Agreement arising solely out of any Loan Party's execution of and performance under (a) this Agreement and any substantially similar restrictions contained in this Agreement as it may be amended or amended and restated or in any credit agreement initially or successively refinancing this Agreement and (b) any other Loan Document.
Term Loan Agreement Waiver
 
, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1.01
In the normal course of business, the Borrower is subject to proceedings, lawsuits, claims and other matters, including those that relate to the environment, health and safety, employee benefits, export compliance, intellectual property, tax matters, and other regulatory compliance and general matters, including those described below. As a public company, the Borrower has certain disclosure obligations with respect to material legal proceedings as set forth in Item 103 of Regulation S-K. Currently, the Borrower is not subject to any such material legal proceedings; however, the following disclosure was included in the most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed by Teradata Corporation (the "Company" or "Teradata") for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, to address certain matters that are still pending final resolution.
"The Company is subject to governmental investigations and requests for information from time to time. As previously reported prior to Teradata's separation from NCR Corporation ("NCR"), the United States Department of Justice is conducting an investigation regarding the propriety of the Company's arrangements or understandings with others in connection with certain federal contracts and the adequacy of certain disclosures related to such contracts. The investigation arises in connection with civil litigation in federal district court filed under the qui tam provisions of the civil False Claims Act against a number of information technology companies, including the Company. The complaints against the Company remain under seal. The Company has conducted its analysis of such claims focusing on the propriety of certain transactions under federal programs under which Teradata was a contractor. The Company has shared evidence with the Justice Department of questionable conduct that the Company uncovered, has cooperated with the Justice Department in its investigation, and is in settlement discussions with the government to resolve this matter.
A separate portion of the government's investigation relates to the adequacy of pricing disclosures made to the government in connection with negotiation of NCR's General Services Administration Federal Supply Schedule as it relates to Teradata, prior to the Company's separation from NCR, and to whether certain subsequent price reductions were properly passed on to the government. Both NCR and the Company have participated in this aspect of the investigation, with respect to certain products and services of each, and each will assume financial responsibility for its own exposures, if any, without indemnification from the other. The Company has an accrual of approximately $3 million related to the current best estimate of probable liability relating to these matters. The Company believes the amounts provided in its financial statements are adequate in light of the probable and estimable liabilities. The Company believes that there is not a reasonable possibility that the loss in respect of these contingent matters will materially exceed the liability reflected in the Company's financial statements, although there can be no assurance that this will in fact be the case."
SCHEDULE 1.02
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Where:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Each Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any change to the information provided by it pursuant to this paragraph.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 2.01
 
SCHEDULE 3.14
 
SCHEDULE 6.08
Restrictions contained in the Term Loan Agreement dated as of April 5, 2011 and any substantially similar restrictions contained in such agreement as it may be amended or amended and restated or in any loan agreement initially or successively refinancing the Term Loan Agreement.
SCHEDULE 9.01
Administrative Agent:
 
:
L/C Issuer
 
 
Exhibit A
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Date:                    ,         
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto (collectively, the "" and individually, a ""), and , as Administrative Agent.
Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION,
Borrower
Lenders
Lender
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
The undersigned hereby requests (select one):
 
 
 
 
 
[Type of Revolving Loan requested: Base Rate Loan or Eurocurrency Rate Loan]
 
 
 
 
Exhibit B
to Teradata Credit Agreement
 
June 15, 2012
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
The other agents and Lenders
party to the Agreement described below
Gentlemen/Ladies:
I am Margaret A. Treese, Chief Corporate and Governance Counsel of Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and have represented the Borrower and Teradata International, Inc., Teradata Operations, Inc., and Teradata US, Inc., each a Delaware corporation (collectively, the ""), in connection with the execution and delivery by the Borrower of: (i) a Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (the "") among the Borrower, the Lenders and the other agents named therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, (ii) the Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012, made by the Guarantors (the ""), and (iii) the Notes, dated June 15, 2012, made by the Borrower (collectively with the Agreement and the Guaranty, the "").
Borrower
Guarantors
Agreement
Guaranty
Loan Documents
This opinion is provided to you at the request of the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(v) of the Agreement. Except as otherwise indicated herein, capitalized definitional terms in this opinion have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
In this capacity, I have examined the Loan Documents and have also examined originals, or copies identified to my satisfaction, of, among other things, certificates of incorporation and by-laws of each of the Loan Parties, records of meetings and unanimous written consents of directors of each Loan Party and such records, agreements and other instruments, and have made such inquiry as I have determined was relevant and necessary, in my judgment, to render the opinions expressed below. For purposes of such examination, I have assumed the genuineness of all certificates and the authenticity of all documents submitted to me as original counterparts or as certified copies. I have also assumed that all documents examined by me and all signatures thereon (other than the signatures of officers of the Loan Parties) are genuine. In addition, I have assumed that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have the power and authority to execute and deliver, and to perform and observe the provisions of, the Credit Agreement and have duly authorized, executed and delivered such Agreement, and that such Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Lenders, the other agents and the Administrative Agent.
Based upon the foregoing, it is my opinion that:
1. The Borrower and each Guarantor is a corporation duly and properly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware and has all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted and has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party.
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
June 15, 2012
Page 2
 
2. The execution and delivery by the Borrower and the Guarantors of the Loan Documents to which they are a party and the performance by the Borrower and the Guarantors of their respective obligations thereunder have been duly authorized by proper corporate proceedings on the part of the Borrower and the Guarantors, are within their respective corporate powers and will not:
(a) require any consent of the Borrower's or any of the Guarantors' stockholders (other than any such consent as has already been given and remains in full force and effect);
(b) violate (i) any law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on the Borrower or any Guarantor or (ii) the Borrower's or any Guarantor's certificate of incorporation or by-laws or (iii) the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement of which I am aware (including the Term Loan Agreement dated as of April 5, 2011 among Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto) and to which the Borrower or any Guarantor is a party or is subject, or by which it, or its property, is bound, or conflict with or constitute a default thereunder or give rise to any right to accelerate or to require repayment, repurchase or redemption of any obligation under any such agreement; or
(c) result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien in, of or on the property of the Borrower or a Guarantor pursuant to the terms of any indenture, instrument or agreement binding upon the Borrower or any Guarantor.
3. The Loan Documents to which each of the Borrower and the Guarantors is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and the Guarantors.
4. To the best of my knowledge after due inquiry, there is no litigation, arbitration, governmental investigation, proceeding or inquiry pending or threatened against the Borrower or any Guarantor which (a) challenges the validity, or seeks to enjoin the consummation or performance of any Loan Document or (b) if adversely determined could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.
5. Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
This opinion is subject to the following further qualifications and exceptions:
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
June 15, 2012
Page 3
 
(1) the effect of federal and state antitrust laws, or other state or federal laws governing restraints of trade or unfair competition;
(2) the effect of any city or county ordinances, codes, rules or regulations; and
(3) the effect of judicial decisions which may permit the introduction of extrinsic evidence to modify the terms or the interpretation of the Loan Documents.
To the extent this opinion addresses or is based upon questions of fact, I have not made any independent investigation or verification other than as noted herein and I have relied as to factual matters upon the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Agreement. As used in this opinion, the terms "to my knowledge," "known to me" or any similar phrase means my actual knowledge and the conscious awareness of facts or other information of lawyers within the Borrower's in-house Law Department.
I am qualified to practice law in Commonwealth of Virginia, and admitted to practice as a non-Ohio attorney registered for corporate status in the State of Ohio. This opinion is limited to the laws of such States, the federal laws of the United States and the general corporate law of the State of Delaware regarding organization and authority in effect on the date hereof, and to the facts bearing on this opinion as they now exist, and no responsibility or undertaking is hereby assumed to advise you of any subsequent changes in such laws or in the applicability or effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction.
This opinion may be relied upon by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and other agents and their participants, assignees and other transferees and by Thompson Hine LLP in rendering its opinion to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and other agents.
Very truly yours,
Margaret A. Treese
Chief Corporate and Governance Counsel
June 15, 2012
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
The other agents and Lenders
party to the Agreement described below
Gentlemen/Ladies:
We are counsel for Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and its subsidiaries, Teradata International, Inc., Teradata Operations, Inc., and Teradata US, Inc., each a Delaware corporation (collectively, the ""), and have represented the Borrower and the Guarantors in connection with the execution and delivery of: (i) the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (the "") among the Borrower, the Lenders, the other agents named therein and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, (ii) the Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012, made by the Guarantors (the ""), and (iii) the Notes, dated June 15, 2012, made by the Borrower (collectively with the Agreement and the Guaranty, the "").
Borrower
Guarantors
Agreement
Guaranty
Loan Documents
This opinion is provided to you at the request of the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(v) of the Agreement. Except as otherwise indicated herein, capitalized definitional terms in this opinion have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
We have examined: (i) executed copies of the Loan Documents, and (ii) executed copies of the originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such other documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this opinion.
In our examination, we have assumed the legal capacity of all natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified, photostatic or facsimile copies and the authenticity of the originals of such copies. As to any facts material to this opinion which were not independently established or verified, and certain other matters, we have relied upon: (i) the opinion to you of even date herewith of Margaret A. Treese, Chief Corporate and Governance Counsel of the Borrower, and (ii) oral or written statements of officers and other representatives of the Borrower, the Guarantors and others, including public officials.
We also have made, with your consent, the following additional assumptions:
(a) Each of the Loan Documents executed by a party other than a Loan Party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such other party.
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
June 15, 2012
Page 2
 
(b) Each of the Loan Documents is a legal, valid and binding obligation each of the parties thereto other than the Loan Parties enforceable against such other party in accordance with its terms.
(c) Each of the parties to the Loan Documents other than a Loan Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, with full power and authority to execute and deliver the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to perform the transactions contemplated thereby.
Based upon the foregoing, it is our opinion that:
1. Each of the Loan Documents to which the Borrower or a Guarantor is a party is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower or such Guarantor and is enforceable against the Borrower or such Guarantor in accordance with its respective terms.
2. No order, consent, adjudication, approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, or other action in respect of any governmental or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, which has not been obtained by the Borrower or any Guarantor, is required to be obtained by the Borrower or any Guarantor in connection with the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, the borrowings under the Agreement, the payment and performance by the Borrower of the Obligations, or the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents, other than any disclosure filing by the Borrower with the Securities and Exchange Commission that may be required under the federal securities laws.
3. The making of the Loans to the Borrower and the application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the terms of the Agreement will not violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
4. The execution, delivery and performance of the Agreement by the Borrower, and the borrowings thereunder, and the execution, delivery and performance of the Guaranty by each Guarantor and the incurrence by them of their obligations under the Guaranty will not violate any applicable Law of the State of New York or any applicable Law of the United States of America.
The opinions set forth above are subject to the following qualifications and limitations:
 
Bank of America, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
June 15, 2012
Page 3
 
 
 
We are members of the Bar of the States of Ohio and New York, and we express no opinion as to matters governed by laws other than the laws of the State of Ohio, the State of New York and the federal laws of the United States of America.
We acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, the other agents and the Lenders are relying on the opinions expressed herein in extending credit under the terms of the Loan Documents and hereby consent to reliance by the Administrative Agent, the other agents, the Lenders and their participants, assignees and other transferees. Except as set forth in this paragraph, however, the opinions expressed herein may not be used or relied upon by any other person or by the Administrative Agent, the other agents or the Lenders (or any of their participants, their assignees or other transferees) for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
Our opinions are limited to the conclusions specifically stated herein, and no opinion may be inferred or implied beyond such specific conclusions. We disclaim any undertaking or obligations to advise you of any changes in the conclusions or other matters covered in this letter that hereafter may come to our attention.
Very truly yours,
DAN; JBK
Exhibit C
to Teradata Credit Agreement
This Assignment and Assumption (this "") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [the][each]
Assignment and Assumption
1
Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] "") and [the][each]
Assignor
2
Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] ""). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]
Assignee
3
hereunder are several and not joint.]
4
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Revolving Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the ""), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.
Credit Agreement
Annex 1
For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignor's][the respective Assignors'] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and the Swing Line Loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] ""). Each such sale and
Assigned Interest
 
 
assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[7.         :                                         ]
Trade Date
9
8.          :                                     , 20         [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
Effective Date
 
 
 
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:
 
 
[Consented to and]
12
Accepted:
 
[Consented to:]
13
 
 
 
ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
1. .
Representations and Warranties
1.1. . [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][[the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document.
Assignor
1.2. . [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor
Assignee
Section 9.04(b)
Section 9.04(b)
Section 5.01
 
or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
2. . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the [relevant] Assignee.
Payments
3. . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
General Provisions
 
Exhibit D
to Teradata Credit Agreement
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the ""), hereby promises to pay to                                          or registered assigns (the "") permitted by the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement, the principal amount of each Revolving Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower under that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, each lender and/or agent from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer.
Borrower
Lender
Agreement
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.10(a) of the Agreement with respect to Swing Line Loans, all payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, as the case may be, in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent's Office for the applicable currency. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement.
This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. This Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Guaranty. If one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement occurs and is continuing, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become under certain circumstances, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the date, amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note.
 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit E
to Teradata Credit Agreement
This , dated as of June 15, 2012 (this ""), is made by each Material Subsidiary (such capitalized term and all other capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein to have the meanings provided for in the or in below) of (the "") listed on the signature pages hereof (such Material Subsidiaries, together with any Additional Guarantors which hereafter become a party to this Agreement pursuant to , are collectively referred to as the "" and individually as a ""), in favor of , as administrative agent (in such capacity, the "") for each of the Lenders and each L/C Issuer.
GUARANTY AGREEMENT
Agreement
recitals
Article I
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
Section 5.06
Guarantors
Guarantor
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Administrative Agent
, pursuant to a Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, the Administrative Agent, and the other agents party thereto, and the other Loan Documents referred to therein, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers have agreed to make certain extensions of credit to or for the benefit of the Borrower;
WHEREAS
Credit Agreement
, the obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers to make Credit Extensions to or for the benefit of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement are conditioned upon, among other things, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each Guarantor;
WHEREAS
, each Guarantor is engaged in a business which is related to the business of the Borrower and will derive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the Credit Agreement and the Credit Extensions to be made or issued thereunder by the Lenders and the L/C Issuers to or for the benefit of the Borrower; and
WHEREAS
, each Guarantor is willing to guarantee the Obligations of the Borrower as hereinafter provided in order to obtain such benefits;
WHEREAS
, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in order to induce the Lenders and the L/C Issuers to make Credit Extensions to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, each Guarantor agrees, for the benefit of each Credit Party, as follows:
NOW THEREFORE
The following terms (whether or not underscored) when used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, shall have the following meanings (such definitions to be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms thereof):
1.01 Definitions.
"" is defined in .
Additional Guarantors
Section 5.06(b)
"" is defined in the .
Administrative Agent
preamble
 
"" is defined in the .
Agreement
preamble
"" is defined in the .
Borrower
preamble
"" is defined in the .
Credit Agreement
first recital
"" means the Administrative Agent, each Lender, any L/C Issuer and each Swap Bank.
Credit Parties
"" is defined in .
Guaranteed Obligations
Section 2.01
"" and "" are defined in the .
Guarantor
Guarantors
preamble
"" is defined in .
Post Petition Interest
Section 2.04(b)(ii)
"" is defined in .
Subordinated Obligations
Section 2.04(b)
"" means, with respect to any Guarantor, the earlier of (a) the date on which all of the following events occur: (i) the payment in full in cash and performance in full of all of the Obligations; (ii) the termination or expiration of the Availability Period; and (iii) the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit and (b) the date on which such Guarantor is released from its obligations under this Agreement in connection with a sale or dissolution of such Guarantor in accordance with hereof or otherwise in accordance herewith and with the Credit Agreement.
Termination Date
Section 5.06(d)
Unless otherwise defined herein or the context otherwise requires, terms used in this Agreement, including its preamble and recitals, have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement.
1.02 Credit Agreement Definitions.
The rules of construction in Section 1.03 of the Credit Agreement shall be equally applicable to this Agreement.
1.03 Other Interpretive Provisions.
(a) Each Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at scheduled maturity or on any date of a required prepayment or by acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrower and all Obligations of each other Guarantor now or hereafter existing under or in respect of the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any extensions, modifications, substitutions, amendments, amendments and restatements, replacements or renewals of any or all of the foregoing Obligations), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, contract causes of action, costs, expenses or otherwise (the Obligations of the Borrower and the other Guarantors guaranteed by each Guarantor being the "" of such Guarantor), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including, without limitation, all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the
2.01 Guarantee; Limitation of Liability.
Guaranteed Obligations
 
Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party in enforcing any rights under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor's Obligations hereunder shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor and would be owed by any other Loan Party to any Credit Party under or in respect of the Loan Documents but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving such other Loan Party.
(b) Each Guarantor, and the Administrative Agent, for itself and each other Credit Party, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Agreement and the Obligations of each Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Debtor Relief Laws, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar Law to the extent applicable to this Agreement and the Obligations of each Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Credit Parties and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the Obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the Obligations of such Guarantor under this Agreement not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
(c) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to any Credit Party under this Agreement, such Guarantor will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by Law, such amounts to each other Guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Credit Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents.
Each Guarantor guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any Law now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of any Credit Party with respect thereto. The Obligations of each Guarantor under or in respect of this Agreement are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations of any other Loan Party under or in respect of the Loan Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce this Agreement, irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Borrower or any other Loan Party or whether the Borrower or any other Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. This Agreement is a present and continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment when due, and not of collection, by each Guarantor jointly and severally with each other Guarantor of the Obligations of the Borrower or any other Guarantor. The liability of each Guarantor under this Agreement shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to, any or all of the following:
2.02 Guarantee Absolute.
(a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto;
 
(b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Obligations of any other Loan Party under or in respect of the Loan Documents, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise;
(c) any taking, release, subordination or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any other guarantee, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations;
(d) any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding under Debtor Relief Laws affecting the Borrower or any other Loan Party or its assets or any resulting release or discharge of any Guaranteed Obligation;
(e) the existence of any claim, setoff or other right which any Guarantor may have at any time against any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or any unrelated transaction;
(f) any provision of applicable Law purporting to prohibit the payment or performance by any Loan Party of any of the Obligations of such Loan Party;
(g) any failure of any Credit Party to disclose to any Loan Party any information relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party now or hereafter known to such Credit Party (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Credit Parties to disclose such information);
(h) the failure of any other Person to execute or deliver this Agreement or any other guarantee or agreement or the release or reduction of liability of any Guarantor or other guarantor or surety with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations; or
(i) any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by any Credit Party that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety.
2.03 Waivers and Acknowledgments.
(a) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, notice of nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Agreement and any requirement that any Credit Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person.
(b) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, any right to revoke this Agreement and acknowledges that this Agreement is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future.
 
(c) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (i) any defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any Credit Party that in any manner impairs, reduces, releases or otherwise adversely affects the subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification rights of such Guarantor or other rights of such Guarantor to proceed against any of the other Loan Parties, any other guarantor or any other Person and (ii) any defense based on any right of setoff or counterclaim against or in respect of the Obligations of such Guarantor hereunder.
(d) Each Guarantor acknowledges that the Administrative Agent may, without notice to or demand upon such Guarantor and without affecting the liability of such Guarantor under this Agreement, foreclose under any mortgage by non-judicial sale, and each Guarantor hereby waives, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, any defense to the recovery by the Administrative Agent and the other Credit Parties against such Guarantor of any deficiency after such non-judicial sale and any defense or benefits that may be afforded by applicable Law.
(e) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any duty on the part of any Credit Party to disclose to such Guarantor any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter known by such Credit Party.
(f) Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Loan Documents and that the waivers set forth in and this are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.
Section 2.02
Section 2.03
(a) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor's Obligations under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution (pursuant to or otherwise) or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Credit Party against the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other insider guarantor, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by setoff or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, unless and until the Termination Date has occurred.
2.04 Subordination.
Section 2.01(c)
(b) Each Guarantor hereby agrees that any and all debts, liabilities and other obligations owed to such Guarantor by each other Loan Party, including pursuant to (collectively, the ""), are hereby subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations of such other Loan Party under the Loan Documents to the extent and in the manner hereinafter set forth in this :
Section 2.01(c)
Subordinated Obligations
Section 2.04(b)
 
(i) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any other Loan Party), each Guarantor may receive regularly scheduled payments from any other Loan Party on account of the Subordinated Obligations. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any other Loan Party), however, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in writing, no Guarantor shall demand, accept or take any action to collect any payment on account of the Subordinated Obligations.
(ii) In any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any other Loan Party, each Guarantor agrees that unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in writing the Credit Parties shall be entitled to receive payment in full in cash of all Obligations (including all interest and expenses accruing after the commencement of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, whether or not constituting an allowed claim in such proceeding ("")) of each other Loan Party before such Guarantor receives payment of any Subordinated Obligations of such other Loan Party.
Post Petition Interest
(iii) After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any other Loan Party), each Guarantor shall, if the Administrative Agent so requests, collect, enforce and receive payments on account of any Subordinated Obligations due to such Guarantor from any other Loan Party as trustee for the Credit Parties and deliver such payments to the Administrative Agent for application to the Guaranteed Obligations (including all Post Petition Interest), together with any necessary endorsements or other instruments of transfer, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of such Guarantor under the other provisions of this Agreement.
(iv) After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default (including the commencement and continuation of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any other Loan Party), the Administrative Agent is authorized and empowered (but without any obligation to so do), in its discretion, (A) in the name of any Guarantor, to collect and enforce, and to submit claims in respect of, Subordinated Obligations due to such Guarantor and to apply any amounts received thereon to the Guaranteed Obligations (including any and all Post Petition Interest), and (B) to require any Guarantor (1) to collect and enforce, and to submit claims in respect of, Subordinated Obligations due to such Guarantor and (2) to pay any amounts received on such obligations to the Administrative Agent for application to the Guaranteed Obligations (including any and all Post Petition Interest).
(c) If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of this at any time prior to the Termination Date for such Guarantor, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Credit Parties, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Guarantor and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Agreement, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents.
Section 2.04
 
(d) If the Termination Date for the Borrower shall have occurred, the Administrative Agent will, at any Guarantor's request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from any payment made by such Guarantor pursuant to this Agreement.
(a) Any and all payments made by any Guarantor under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made, in accordance with Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes; that if any Guarantor shall be required by any Laws to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this ), each of the Administrative Agent, Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Guarantor shall make such deductions, and (iii) such Guarantor shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law.
2.05 Payments Free and Clear of Taxes, Etc.
provided
Section 2.05
(b) Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, each Guarantor shall timely pay any Other Taxes that arise from any payment made by or on behalf of such Guarantor under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Law.
(c) Each Guarantor shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to a Guarantor by a Lender or an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes by any Guarantor to a Governmental Authority, such Guarantor shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
Each Guarantor hereby makes each representation and warranty made in the Credit Agreement by the Borrower with respect to such Guarantor.
3.01 Credit Agreement Representations and Warranties.
There are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement that have not been satisfied or waived.
3.02 No Conditions Precedent.
Each Guarantor has, independently and without reliance upon any Credit Party and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is or is to be a party, and such Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining from each other Loan Party on a continuing basis information pertaining to, and is now and on a continuing basis will be completely familiar with, the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties and prospects of such other Loan Party.
3.03 Independent Credit Analysis.
Each Guarantor covenants and agrees that until the Termination Date for such Guarantor, it will perform and observe, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to perform and observe, all of the terms, covenants and agreements set forth in the Credit Agreement on its or their part to be performed or observed or that the Borrower has agreed to cause such Guarantor to perform or observe.
4.01 Credit Agreement Covenants.
Each Guarantor covenants and agrees that until the Termination Date for such Guarantor it shall not:
4.02 Separateness Covenants.
(a) fail to observe at all times and in all material respects all corporate, limited liability company or limited partnership formalities, as applicable;
(b) fail to hold itself out as being separate and apart from any Affiliates and any other Person, and conduct its business in its own name;
(c) hold itself out to be responsible for the debts of another Person or assume or Guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other Person or hold out its credit as being available to satisfy the obligations of any other Person, except as contemplated by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted by the Credit Agreement; or
(d) fail to hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Person, or conduct its business in order not to (i) mislead others as to the identity with which such other party is transacting business, or (ii) except as permitted under the Credit Agreement, suggest that such Guarantor is responsible for the debts of any other Person.
 
This Agreement is a Loan Document executed pursuant to the Credit Agreement and shall (unless otherwise expressly indicated herein) be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof.
5.01 Loan Document.
No failure on the part of any Credit Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by Law.
5.02 No Waiver; Remedies.
Subject to Section 9.08 of the Credit Agreement, if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Credit Party and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by, such Credit Party or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Guarantor against any and all of the Obligations of such Guarantor now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents to such Credit Party, irrespective of whether or not such Credit Party shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations of such Guarantor may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Credit Party different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Credit Party and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Credit Party or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Credit Party agrees to notify such Guarantor and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
5.03 Right of Setoff.
provided
(a) Without limitation of any Guarantor's obligation to guarantee the Borrower's reimbursement and indemnification Obligations under Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement, each Guarantor shall independently indemnify each Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee and the allocated costs and reasonable expenses of in-house counsel), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party as and to the extent provided in Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement.
5.04 Indemnification.
(b) Each Guarantor hereby also agrees that none of the Indemnitees shall have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to any of the Guarantors or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and attorneys-in-fact, and each Guarantor hereby agrees not to assert any claim against any Indemnitee on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of the Loans, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds of the Credit Extensions, the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents.
 
(c) All amounts due under this shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.
Section 5.04
(d) Without prejudice to the survival of any of the other agreements of any Guarantor under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, the agreements and obligations of each Guarantor contained in (with respect to enforcement expenses), the last sentence of , and this shall survive termination of this Agreement and the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and all of the other amounts payable under this Agreement.
Section 2.01(a)
Section 2.02
Section 2.05
Section 5.04
(a) This Agreement is a continuing agreement and shall (i) remain in full force and effect with respect to each Guarantor until the Termination Date for such Guarantor, (ii) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (iii) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Credit Parties and their successors, transferees and assigns.
5.05 Continuing Guarantee; Reinstatement.
(b) This Agreement shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, with respect to a Guarantor if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by any Credit Party or any other Person in connection with the insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceedings affecting the Borrower or any other Loan Party under Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.
(c) The Obligations of a Guarantor under this Agreement shall terminate on the Termination Date for such Guarantor.
(a) No amendment to or waiver of any provision of this Agreement nor consent to any departure by any Guarantor herefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent and, with respect to any such amendment, by the Guarantors or the Borrower on behalf of the Guarantors, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given.
5.06 Amendments, etc.; Additional Guarantors; Successors and Assigns; Release of Guarantors.
(b) Upon the execution and delivery by any Person of a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Credit Parties, such Person shall be referred to as an "" and shall be and become a Guarantor, and each reference in this Agreement to "Guarantor" shall also mean and be a reference to such Additional Guarantor.
Additional Guarantor
(c) This Agreement shall be binding upon each Guarantor and its successors, transferees and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent and each other Credit Party and their respective successors, transferees and assigns; ,, that no Guarantor may assign its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.
provided
however
 
(d) If any Guarantor will cease to be a Subsidiary as a result of a disposition, dissolution or other transaction permitted under the Credit Agreement, the Guarantors shall cause the Borrower to deliver to the Administrative Agent prior written notice thereof, signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, at least 30 days before such disposition, dissolution or other transaction is to take effect, certifying that such disposition, dissolution or other transaction is permitted under the Credit Agreement. Thereafter, upon (i) the effectiveness of such disposition, dissolution or other transaction, (ii) application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with any applicable provision of the Credit Agreement, (iii) written ratification (in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) by the remaining Guarantors of their obligations hereunder and (iv) delivery by the Borrower to the Lender of a certificate of Borrower, executed by a Responsible Officer thereof, certifying that (A) the conditions set forth in this have been satisfied, (B) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing both immediately before and after giving effect to such transaction and (C) the disposition, dissolution or other transaction with respect to such Guarantor has been effected (the ""), such Guarantor shall be released from this Guaranty and this Guaranty shall be of no further force and effect with respect to such Guarantor. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of the Borrower Certificate, the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to such Guarantor or its designee, at the Borrower's and such Guarantor's sole cost and expense, any document or instrument that such Guarantor or the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence such release.
Section 5.06(d)
Borrower Certificate
(a) All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and mailed, delivered or transmitted by telecopier to each party hereto at the address set forth in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement (with any notice to a Guarantor effective upon being delivered to such Guarantor in care of the Borrower). All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made at the times provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement.
5.07 Addresses for Notices; Borrower as Representative.
(b) Each Guarantor hereby appoints the Borrower to act as the representative for such Guarantor for purposes of delivering and receiving notices on behalf of such Guarantor under, and confirming the consent of such Guarantor and otherwise authorizing and delivering supplements and amendments to, the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party on behalf of such Guarantor.
Section captions used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
5.08 Section Captions.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
5.09 Severability.
 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.
5.10 Counterparts.
5.11 Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Etc. (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(b) EACH GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT PARTY MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY GUARANTOR OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
(c) EACH GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
(d) EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
SECTION 5.07
 
5.12 Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
5.13 Entire Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES OR BY PRIOR OR CONTEMPORANEONS WRITTEN AGREEMENTS. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.
 
, each Guarantor has caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
Exhibit F
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Financial Statement Date:                     ,
To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto and , as Administrative Agent.
Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies, solely in his/her capacity as an officer of the Borrower, as of the date hereof, that he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of Borrower, and that:
1. I have reviewed the most recent year-end audited financial statements complete and correct copies of which are attached hereto as , as required by of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section.
Schedule 1
Section 5.01(a)
1. I have reviewed the unaudited financial statements complete and correct copies of which are attached hereto as , as required by of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries ended as of the above date.
Schedule 1
Section 5.01(b)
2. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Certificate, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, each, to the extent required by , in accordance with GAAP as of, and for, the period presented in the financial statements.
Section 5.01
3. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements.
4. A review of the activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Borrower and its Subsidiaries performed and observed all their Obligations under the Loan Documents, and
 
[to the best knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the covenants and conditions of the Loan Documents applicable to it (including, without limitation, and ) and no Default under the financial covenants set forth in the Loan Documents has occurred and is continuing.]
Sections 6.11
6.12
[the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have not complied with the following covenants or conditions and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:]
5. The representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in of the Agreement, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Loan Documents, are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Certificate, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of of the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of of the Agreement, including the statements in connection with which this Certificate is delivered.
Article III
Section 3.04
Section 5.01
6. The Leverage Ratio calculated based upon the attached financial statements is          to 1.0 and the calculation thereof is set forth on hereto.
Schedule 2
7. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the above date.
Schedule 3
the undersigned Responsible Officer has executed this Certificate solely in his/her capacity as an officer of the Borrower as of         ,         .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
 
 
For the [Quarter/Year] ended ("")
                                                 
Statement Date
 
For the [Quarter/Year] ended ("")
                                                 
Statement Date
 
For the Quarter/Year ended ("")
                                                 
Statement Date
 
Exhibit G-1
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto and , as Administrative Agent.
Credit Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned's conduct of a U.S. trade or business.
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
 
Exhibit G-2
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto and , as Administrative Agent.
Credit Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (v) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned's conduct of a U.S. trade or business.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
 
Exhibit G-3
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto and , as Administrative Agent.
Credit Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned's or its direct or indirect partners/members' conduct of a U.S. trade or business.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
 
Exhibit G-4
to Teradata Credit Agreement
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 15, 2012 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among , a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender and agent from time to time party thereto and , as Administrative Agent.
Credit Agreement
TERADATA CORPORATION
Borrower
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (vi) the interest payments in question are not effectively connected with the undersigned's or its direct or indirect partners/members' conduct of a U.S. trade or business.
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120727170240.txt.gz
TIME:20120727170240
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On July 24, 2012, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Teradata Corporation (the "Company" or "Teradata"), upon recommendation of its Compensation and Human Resource Committee, amended and restated the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan (the "CIC Plan"), effective as of January 1, 2013.
The Company maintains the CIC Plan to help retain key executives by reducing personal uncertainty that may arise from the possibility of a change in control, and to promote their objectivity and neutrality in evaluating transactions that may be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Under the CIC Plan, a participating executive is entitled to certain severance payments and benefits if the executive's employment is terminated by the Company other than for cause, death or disability or if the executive resigns for good reason within two years after a change in control (or within six months prior to a change in control, if the executive can demonstrate that the termination occurred in connection with a change in control).
The Board amended and restated the CIC Plan in order to, among other things (i) eliminate "gross-up" payments related to excise taxes that may be imposed under Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code, and (ii) raise the threshold for an acquisition of Teradata stock that would constitute a change in control and to make other changes to the definition of change in control used in the CIC Plan.
Prior to the effective date of the amendment and restatement, if any payments or benefits to which a participating executive becomes entitled would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 280G, then, unless the total value of such payments and benefits does not exceed 110% of the "safe harbor" amount that could be paid without triggering the excise tax, the executive would be entitled to receive an additional gross-up payment from the Company in an amount such that, after payment by the executive of all taxes (including income and excise taxes imposed on the gross-up payment), the executive would retain a net amount equal to the excise tax. Under the amended and restated CIC Plan, the gross-up payment will be eliminated, and a participating executive who would be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 280G will either (i) receive all payments and benefits to which the executive is entitled, subject to the excise tax, or (ii) have such payments and benefits reduced to the "safe harbor" amount so that the Section 280G excise tax will not apply, if such reduction would result in a greater net after-tax benefit to the executive.
Under the amended and restated CIC Plan, the definition of "change in control" is also revised. In particular, the threshold for an acquisition of Teradata stock that would constitute a change in control is increased from an acquisition of 30% or more to an acquisition of 50% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock or voting securities.
Other minor updates were made so that the terms and conditions of the CIC Plan are consistent with the Company's new Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan that was approved by stockholders on April 20, 2012, including a change to provide that turnover of the Company's Board will constitute a change of control regardless of whether it occurs during a 24-month period.
The CIC Plan was amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2013. However, if a change in control occurs prior to January 1, 2014, then, under the amendment procedures of the CIC Plan for existing participants, the amendment eliminating the excise tax gross-up payment generally will not apply, and the amendment increasing the threshold for a change in control transaction might not apply.
The foregoing description of the CIC Plan is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the CIC Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
The Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation (the "") recognizes that, from time to time, the Company may explore potential transactions that could result in a Change in Control of the Company. This possibility and the uncertainty it creates may result in the loss or distraction of certain key Employees of the Company to the detriment of the Company and its stockholders.
Board
The Board considers the avoidance of such loss and distraction to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board also believes that when a Change in Control is perceived as imminent, or is occurring, the Board should be able to receive and rely on disinterested service from Employees regarding the best interests of the Company and its stockholders without concern that Employees might be distracted or concerned by the personal uncertainties and risks created by the perception of an imminent or occurring Change in Control.
In addition, the Board believes that it is consistent with the Company's employment practices and policies and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to treat fairly its Employees whose employment terminates in connection with or following a Change in Control.
Accordingly, the Board has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to assure the Company of the continued employment and attention and dedication to duty of its Employees and to seek to ensure the availability of their continued service, notwithstanding the possibility or occurrence of a Change in Control.
Therefore, in order to fulfill the above purposes, the Board has caused the Company to adopt this Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan (the "").
Plan
The Plan is intended to comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (""), and other applicable laws.
ERISA
To the extent the separation pay portion of the Plan is a pension plan, it qualifies for exemption from Parts II, III and IV of ERISA as a plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated Employees under Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA.
On October 7, 2008, the Plan was amended and restated to comply with the final regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code. On July 24, 2012, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, as set forth herein, to be effective as of January 1, 2013.
As of the Effective Date, the Company established the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, and the Plan was amended and restated on October 7, 2008 to comply with final regulations issued under Section 409A of the Code. On July 24, 2012, the Plan was amended and restated in its entirety, as set forth in this document, to be effective as of January 1, 2013.
As used herein, the following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings:
(a) "". As defined in Section 4.4(c).
Accounting Firm
(b) "". The Participant's wages or base salary on an annualized basis, excluding all bonus, overtime, health additive and incentive compensation, payable by the Company as consideration for the Participant's services.
Base Salary
(c) "". An amount equal to the Participant's average bonus earned under the Company's Management Incentive Plan, or any comparable bonus under any successor plan, for the last three full fiscal years prior to the Date of Termination (or for such lesser number of full fiscal years prior to the Date of Termination for which the Participant was eligible to earn such a bonus, and annualized in the case of any pro rata bonus earned for a partial fiscal year), that in the event that the Participant was not eligible to receive an annual bonus during any of the preceding three full fiscal years, an amount equal to the Participant's Target Bonus.
Bonus Amount
provided
(d) "". The Board of Directors of Teradata Corporation.
Board
(e) "". A termination for "Cause" shall have occurred where a Participant is terminated because of (A) the willful and continued failure of the Participant to perform substantially the Participant's duties with the Company or any of its affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) for a period of at least thirty (30) days after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by the Board or, unless the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, specifically identifying the manner in which the Board or, except if the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer believes that the Participant has not substantially performed the Participant's duties; or (B) the willful engaging by the Participant in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company. For purposes of this provision, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Participant, shall be considered "willful" unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Participant's action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the instructions of the Chief Executive Officer (except if the Participant is the Chief Executive Officer) or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to
Cause
 
be done, by the Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. The termination of employment of the Participant shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Participant a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Participant and the Participant is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Participant is guilty of the conduct described in subsection (A) or (B) above, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.
(f) "". The occurrence of any of the following events:
Change in Control
(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " ")) (a "") of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of fifty percent (50%) or more of either (a) the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company (the "") or (b) the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the ""); , that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, (B) any acquisition by the Company, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (d) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of subsection (iii) of this Section; or
Exchange Act
Person
Outstanding Company Common Stock
Outstanding Company Voting Securities
provided, however
(ii) Individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the "") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Plan whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
Incumbent Board
provided, however
(iii) Consummation of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the acquisition of assets of another entity (a ""), in each case, unless, following such Corporate Transaction, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Corporate
Corporate Transaction
 
Transaction (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company's assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (B) no Person (excluding any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Corporate Transaction; and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Corporate Transaction were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Corporate Transaction; or
(iv) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.
(g) "". As defined in Section 7.1.
Claimant
(h) "". As defined in Section 4.2(c).
COBRA Coverage
(i) "". The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
Code
(j) "". Teradata Corporation and any successor thereto.
Company
(k) "". The Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Board.
Compensation Committee
(l) "". The date on which a Participant has a "separation from service" with the Company and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.
Date of Termination
(m) "". The absence of the Participant from the Participant's duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness that is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Participant or the Participant's legal representative.
Disability
(n) "". The Distribution Date as defined in the Separation Agreement.
Effective Date
(o) "". Any regular, full-time or part-time employee of the Company or its Affiliates.
Employee
(p) "". Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
ERISA
(q) "". As defined in Section 2(f)(ii).
Incumbent Board
 
(r) "". With respect to any Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events without the Participant's prior written consent:
Good Reason
(i) the assignment to the Participant of any duties inconsistent in any respect with the Participant's position (including offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties or responsibilities, as in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant;
(ii) any reduction in the Participant's Base Salary below the Required Base Salary,
(iii) the failure to pay incentive compensation to which the Participant is otherwise entitled under the terms of the Company's Management Incentive Plan ("") or the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (""), or any predecessor or successor incentive compensation plans, at the time at which such awards are usually paid or as soon thereafter as administratively feasible;
MIP
SIP
(iv) the reduction in Target Bonus or Maximum Bonus for a Participant under the MIP or any successor plan or the reduction in any SIP Target Award or SIP Maximum Award under the SIP or any predecessor or successor incentive compensation plan, other than in the case of a reduction in any SIP Target Award or SIP Maximum Award, such reduction is pursuant to an across-the-board reduction applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company;
(v) the failure by the Company to continue in effect any equity compensation plan in which the Participant participates immediately prior to the Change in Control, unless a substantially equivalent alternative compensation arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or alternative plan) has been provided to the Participant, or the failure by the Company to continue the Participant's participation in any such equity compensation plan on substantially the same basis, in terms of the level of such Participant's participation relative to other participants, as existed immediately prior to the Change in Control, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Participant;
(vi) Except as required by law, the failure by the Company to continue to provide to the Participant employee benefits substantially equivalent, in the aggregate, to those enjoyed by the Participant under the qualified and nonqualified employee benefit and welfare plans of the Company, including, without limitation, the pension, life insurance, medical, dental, health and accident, disability retirement, and savings plans, in which the Participant was eligible to participate immediately prior to the Change in Control, other than a reduction of such benefits, in the aggregate, of less than 5% of aggregate value of such benefits as of immediately prior to the Change in Control, or the failure by the Company to provide the Participant with the number of paid vacation days
 
to which such Participant is entitled under the Company's vacation policy immediately prior to the Change in Control;
(vii) the Company's requiring the Participant to be based at any office or location (x) that is more than forty (40) miles from the principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change in Control and (y) that would increase the Participant's commute by more than twenty (20) miles from the Participant's commute immediately prior to the Change in Control, or the Company's requiring the Participant to travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Change in Control; or
(viii) any failure by the Company to comply with Article V.
(s) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's maximum bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no maximum bonus has been established for such year under such plan, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs or (y) the Participant's maximum bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant in effect at any time after the Change in Control. As used in this definition, the reference to "maximum bonus" shall mean the maximum level under the factors the Compensation Committee may set in its exercise of downward discretion as provided in the MIP.
Maximum Bonus
provided
(t) "". As defined in Section 2(f)(i).
Outstanding Company Common Stock
(u) "". As defined in Section 2(f)(i).
Outstanding Company Voting Securities
(v) "". An Employee who meets the eligibility requirements of Section 3.1.
Participant
(w) "". The 55th day immediately following the Date of Termination, or such later date as required by Section 4.6. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in the event that either (i) the Participant's Date of Termination occurs prior to the applicable Change in Control in accordance with Section 4.1, (ii) the Date of Termination occurs subsequent to a Change in Control but the applicable Change in Control does not constitute a "change in the ownership or effective control" of the Company or "a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of the Company (each as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and the regulations thereunder as in effect from time to time) or (iii) the Date of Termination occurs subsequent to the second anniversary of the Change of Control, then the Payment Date means the first business day that is more than six months following the Participant's Date of Termination (or, if the Participant dies during such six-month period, the Participant's death). Interest shall accrue on any amounts payable on the date set forth in the immediately preceding sentence from the Date of Termination at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the Date of Termination.
Payment Date
(x) "". The Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan.
Plan
(y) "". The committee which shall have full power and authority to administer the Plan and may delegate to one or more officers and/or Employees of the Company
Plan Committee
 
such duties in connection with the administration of the Plan as it may deem necessary, advisable or appropriate. Prior to a Change in Control, the Plan Committee shall consist of the members of the Compensation Committee; , that any time prior to a Change in Control, the Plan Committee may designate Incumbent Board members or individuals who were officers of the Company as of immediately prior to the Change in Control ("") to serve as the Plan Committee following the Change in Control. Once designated by the Plan Committee prior to a Change in Control to serve following a Change in Control, Incumbent Members may not be removed from the Plan Committee following the Change in Control.
provided, however
Incumbent Members
(z) "". As defined in Section 4.1.
Release
(aa) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control and (y) the Participant's highest Base Salary in effect at any time thereafter.
Required Base Salary
(bb) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's maximum award under the SIP or any predecessor or successor plan for the year immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no maximum award has been established for such year under such plan, the most recent year preceding the Change in Control in which such an award has been established or (y) the Participant's maximum award under the SIP or any predecessor or successor plan in effect at any time after the Change in Control.
SIP Maximum Award
provided
(cc) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's target award under the SIP or any predecessor or successor plan for the year immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no target award has been established for such year under such plan, the most recent year preceding the Change in Control in which such an award has been established or (y) the Participant's target award under the SIP or any predecessor or successor plan in effect at any time after the Change in Control.
SIP Target Award
provided
(dd) "". The Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between the Company and NCR Corporation.
Separation Agreement
(ee) "". The benefits payable in accordance with Section 4.2 of the Plan.
Separation Benefit
(ff) "". With respect to any Participant, the higher of (x) the Participant's target bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant immediately prior to the Change in Control, that if no target bonus has been established for such year under such plans, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs or (y) the Participant's target bonus under the annual bonus plan applicable to the Participant in effect at any time after the Change in Control. As used in this definition, the reference to "target bonus" shall mean the target level under the "Management Incentive Objectives" or other factors the Compensation Committee may set in its exercise of downward discretion as provided in the MIP.
Target Bonus
provided
(gg) "". As defined in Section 3.1.
Tier Level
 
(hh) "". For Participants designated as Tier Level I, three years following the Date of Termination. For Participants designated as Tier Level II, two years. For Participants designated as Tier Level III, one year.
Welfare Benefit Period
3.1 . Each Employee who is designated by the Board as a Section 16 Officer shall be eligible to be a Participant in the Plan. The Plan Committee may also designate any other Employee as a Participant. In the event the Plan Committee designates certain Participants by job title, position, function or responsibilities, an Employee who is appointed to such a position after the Effective Date of this Plan shall be eligible as a Participant upon the date he or she begins his or her duties in such position, unless otherwise determined by the Plan Committee. The Plan Committee shall designate each Participant in the Plan as a member of a specific tier for the purposes of calculating the Participants' Separation Benefit under this Plan ("").
Participation
Tier Level
3.2 . Subject to Article VI, an Employee shall cease to be a Participant in the Plan when he or she (i) ceases to be an Employee or (ii) ceases to be designated by the Board as a Section 16 officer or (iii) ceases to be designated by the Board as a Participant (unless, in the case of clause (ii), the Plan Committee specifically determines that the Employee shall remain a Participant). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant who is entitled, as a result of ceasing to be an Employee under the circumstances set forth in Section 4.1, to payment of a Separation Benefit or any other amounts under the Plan shall remain a Participant in the Plan until the full amount of the Separation Benefit and any other amounts payable under the Plan have been paid to the Participant.
Duration of Participation
4.1 . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.4 and subject to the restrictions of Section 4.6, a Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company a Separation Benefit in the amount provided in Section 4.2 if, within the two year period following the Change in Control, (i) a Participant's employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of the Participant's death or Disability) or (ii) a Participant's employment is terminated by the Participant for Good Reason; , that if the termination described in clause (i), or the event constituting Good Reason giving rise to the termination described in clause (ii), as applicable, occurs within the six-month period ending on the date of such Change in Control, but the Participant can reasonably demonstrate that such termination or event, as applicable, occurred at the request of a third party who had taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change in Control, the termination or event, as applicable, will be treated for all purposes of this Plan as having occurred immediately following the Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any benefits be provided to a Participant under this Plan unless the Participant has executed a restrictive covenant and release agreement in the form attached hereto as (the "Release"), the Participant has not revoked the Release, and the Release has become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms by the Payment Date.
Right to Separation Benefit
provided
Exhibit A
 
4.2 .
Separation Benefits
(a) . If a Participant's employment is terminated in circumstances entitling him or her to a Separation Benefit as provided in Section 4.1, the Company shall pay such Participant as a lump sum in cash, within thirty (30) days following the Payment Date, a Separation Benefit equal to the product of (a) the sum of the Participant's Required Base Salary and the Participant's Bonus Amount and (b) the Separation Multiplier shown in Table 1 as determined by the Participant's designated Tier Level.
In General
 
(b) . In addition, if a Participant's employment is terminated in circumstances entitling him or her to a Separation Benefit as provided in Section 4.1, the Company shall pay such Participant a lump sum in cash in an amount equal to the sum of:
Accrued Incentive Pay
(i) the amount of any unpaid annual bonus under the MIP or any successor plan and award under the SIP or any successor plan for any completed performance period, which amount shall be paid in accordance with the terms of the applicable plan document or award agreement; plus
(ii) the product of (x) the Bonus Amount and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the bonus year in which the Date of Termination occurs through the Date of Termination and the denominator of which is 365, which amount shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the Payment Date.
(c) .
Welfare and Other Benefits
(i) In addition, during the Welfare Benefit Period or such longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan, program, practice or policy, the Company shall provide to a Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit, continued health care, dental and life insurance for the Participant and/or the Participant's family at least equal to, and at the same cost to the Participant and/or the Participant's family, as those that would have been provided to them in accordance with the plans, programs, practices and policies in effect as of immediately prior to a Change in Control or, if more favorable to the Participant, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its affiliates and their families; , that notwithstanding the Welfare Benefit Period, such medical and other welfare benefits shall terminate upon such time as the Participant becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive such benefits under another employer provided plan. The Participant's entitlement to COBRA continuation coverage under Section 4980B of the Code ("") shall not be offset by the provision of benefits under this
provided, however
COBRA Coverage
 
Section and the period of COBRA Coverage shall commence at the end of the Welfare Benefit Period, during which the Participant receives benefits under this Section).
(ii) A Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit will also be entitled to participate in the Company's outplacement assistance program, provided by the Company's selected outplacement services firm, as in effect under the Company's policy applicable to the Participant on the date of the Change in Control, for a period of one (1) year following his or her Date of Termination.
(iii) In addition, to the extent a Participant entitled to a Separation Benefit was eligible to receive financial counseling benefits under the Company's policy in effect at the time of a Change in Control, such Participant shall be entitled to receive such financial counseling benefits for a period of one (1) year following his or her Date of Termination.
(iv) The continued benefits described in this Section that are taxable benefits (and that are not disability pay or death benefit plans within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) are intended to comply, to the maximum extent possible, with the exception to Section 409A of the Code set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations. To the extent that any of those benefits either do not qualify for that exception, or are provided beyond the applicable time periods set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) of the Treasury Regulations, then they shall be subject to the following additional rules: (i) any reimbursement of eligible expenses shall be paid within 30 days following the Participant's written request for reimbursement; provided that the Participant provides written notice no later than 60 days prior to the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any calendar year shall not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, during any other calendar year; and (iii) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
4.3 . The Separation Benefit provided pursuant to Section 4.2 above shall be provided in addition to, and not in lieu of, all other accrued or vested or earned but deferred compensation, rights, options or other benefits which may be owed to a Participant upon or following termination, including, but not limited to accrued vacation or sick pay, reimbursement for business expenses previously incurred, amounts or benefits payable under any bonus or other compensation plans, the MIP, the SIP, stock option plan, stock ownership plan, stock purchase plan, life insurance plan, health plan, disability plan or similar or predecessor or successor plan, other than any severance plan, program, agreement or arrangement, unless such plan, program, agreement or arrangement has a specific reference to this Section. Stock options and other stock awards under the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (or a predecessor or successor plan) will vest and become payable or exercisable upon the occurrence of a Change in Control to the extent provided in the applicable plan.
Other Benefits Payable
4.4 .
Reduction in Certain Payments
 
(a) In the event that it shall be determined by the Accounting Firm that any Payment to a Participant would be subject to the Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall determine whether to reduce the aggregate amount of the Payments payable to such Participant to the Reduced Amount. The Payments shall be reduced to the Reduced Amount only if the Accounting Firm determines that the Participant would have a greater Net After-Tax Benefit if the Participant's Payments were reduced to the Reduced Amount. If instead the Accounting Firm determines that the Participant would have a greater Net After-Tax Benefit if the Participant's Payments were not reduced to the Reduced Amount, the Participant shall receive all Payments to which the Participant is entitled.
(b) If the Accounting Firm determines that the aggregate Payments otherwise payable to a Participant should be reduced to the Reduced Amount pursuant to this Section 4.4, the Company shall promptly give the Participant notice to that effect and a copy of the detailed calculation thereof. All determinations made by the Accounting Firm under this Section 4.4 shall be binding upon the Company and the Participant and shall be made within fifteen (15) days after receipt of notice from the Participant that there has been a Payment or such earlier time as is requested by the Company. The reduction of Payments hereunder, if applicable, shall be made by first reducing any Payments due under Section 4.2(a) of this Plan, and then any Payments due under Section 4.2(b) of this Plan, and then any benefits due under Section 4.2(c) of this Plan, and then any other Payments due in the following order: (i) reduction of cash Payments, (ii) cancellation of accelerated vesting of performance-based equity awards (based on the reverse order of the date of grant), (iii) cancellation of accelerated vesting of other equity awards (based on the reverse order of the date of grant), and (iv) reduction of any other Payments due to the Participant (with benefits or payments in any group having different payment terms being reduced on a pro-rata basis). All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm pursuant to this Section 4.4 shall be borne solely by the Company. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Company's obligations under this Section shall not be conditioned upon the Participant's termination of employment. By way of example, in the event of a Change in Control which does not result in a Participant's termination of employment or entitlement to a Separation Benefit under this Plan, but which causes the accelerated vesting of such Participant's equity awards under a separate plan giving rise to an Excise Tax, the Company's obligations under this Section shall apply with respect to such accelerated vesting.
(c) . The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of this Section 4.4.
Definitions
(i) "" shall mean the Company's then current independent outside auditors, or such other nationally recognized certified public accounting firm as may be designated by the Plan Committee immediately prior to a Change in Control, that in the event that the Accounting Firm is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the Change in Control, the Plan Committee may appoint another nationally recognized accounting firm to make the determinations required under this Section 4.4 (which accounting firm shall then be referred to as the Accounting Firm hereunder), that in any case, the retention of the Accounting Firm for purposes of this Section 4.4 shall be subject to review and approval, as applicable, by the Audit Committee of the Board.
Accounting Firm
provided
provided further
 
(ii) "" shall mean the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such excise tax.
Excise Tax
(iii) "" shall mean the aggregate Value of all Payments to a Participant, net of all taxes imposed on the Participant with respect thereto under Sections 1 and 4999 of the Code and under applicable state and local laws, as determined by the Accounting Firm.
Net After-Tax Benefit
(iv) A "" shall mean any payment or distribution in the nature of compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for the benefit of the Participant, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Plan or otherwise.
Payment
(v) "" shall mean the greatest amount of Payments that can be paid to a Participant that would not result in the imposition of the Excise Tax upon the Participant if the Accounting Firm determines to reduce Payments to the Participant pursuant to this Section 4.4.
Reduced Amount
(vi) "" of a Payment shall mean the economic present value of a Payment as of the date of the Change in Control (or such other date as required pursuant to Section 280G), as determined by the Accounting Firm pursuant to Section 280G of the Code using the discount rate required by Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code.
Value
4.5 . Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.2(c), the Company's obligation to make the payments provided for in this Plan and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other claim, right or action that the Company may have against a Participant or others. In no event shall a Participant be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Participant under any of the provisions of this Plan, and such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Participant obtains other employment.
Payment Obligations Absolute
4.6 . For purposes of this Plan, "termination of employment" or words or phrases to that effect shall mean a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, if the Participant is a "specified employee," as determined under the Company's policy for identifying specified employees on the Date of Termination, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, all payments, benefits or reimbursements paid or provided under this Plan that constitute a "deferral of compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, that are provided as a result of a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following such Date of Termination shall be accumulated through and paid or provided (together with interest from the Date of Termination at the applicable federal rate under Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code in effect on the Date of Termination), on the first business day that is more than six months following the Participant's Date of Termination (or, if the Participant dies during such six-month period, within 30 days after the Participant's death).
Section 409A
 
This Plan shall bind any successor of or to the Company, its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Plan if no succession had taken place. In the case of any transaction in which a successor would not by the foregoing provision or by operation of law be bound by this Plan, the Company shall require such successor expressly and unconditionally to assume and agree to perform the Company's obligations under this Plan, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. The term "," as used in this Plan, shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by this Plan.
Company
6.1 . The Plan shall continue in effect from the Effective Date through December 31, 2009; , that the Plan shall renew automatically for successive one-year periods unless the Board determines, through a resolution duly adopted by a majority of the entire membership of the Board no later than ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then current term, that the Plan shall not be extended, in which event the Plan shall terminate at the expiration of the then current term. In the event that a Change of Control occurs within one year following a termination, the Plan shall not so terminate. If a Change in Control occurs, this Plan shall continue in full force and effect and shall not terminate or expire until after all Participants who become entitled to any payments hereunder shall have received such payments in full.
Duration
provided, however
6.2 . The Plan may be amended in any respect by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board; , in the event that a Change in Control occurs within one year following an amendment to the Plan that would adversely affect the rights or potential rights of Participants, the amendment will not be effective. In anticipation of or on or following a Change in Control, the Plan shall no longer be subject to amendment, change, substitution, deletion, revocation or termination in any respect which adversely affects the rights of Participants without the consent of each Participant so affected. For the avoidance of doubt, removal of a Participant as a Participant (other than as a result of the Participant ceasing to be an Employee) or a decrease in the Participant's Tier Level shall be deemed to be an amendment of the Plan which adversely affects the right of the Participant.
Amendment and Termination
provided, however
6.3 . The form of any amendment or termination of the Plan shall be a written instrument signed by a duly authorized officer or officers of the Company, certifying that the amendment or termination has been approved by the Board. An amendment of the Plan in accordance with the terms hereof shall automatically effect a corresponding amendment to all Participants' rights and benefits hereunder. A termination of the Plan shall be in accordance with the terms hereof automatically effect a termination of all Participants' rights and benefits hereunder.
Form of Amendment
 
7.1 . Any interpretation or construction of, or determination or action by, the Plan Committee with respect to the Plan and its administration shall be binding upon any and all parties and persons affected thereby, subject to the exclusive appeal procedure set forth herein, except for any interpretation or construction of, or determination or action by, the Plan Committee relating to whether a Participant has "" to resign, which shall not be determined by the Plan Committee but instead shall be subject to de novo review. If any person eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, or claiming to be so eligible, believes he or she is entitled to benefits in an amount greater than those which he or she has received (a ""), he or she may file a claim in writing with the Teradata Benefits Committee (the "Benefits Committee"). The Benefits Committee shall review the claim and, within 90 days after the claim is filed, shall give written notice to the Claimant of the decision. If the claim is denied, the notice shall give the reason for the denial, the pertinent provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based, a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and an explanation of the claim review procedure under the Plan. Any person who has had a claim for benefits denied by the Benefits Committee shall have the right to request review by the Plan Committee. Such request must be in writing, and must be made within sixty days after such person is advised of the denial of benefits. If written request for review is not received within such sixty day period, the Claimant shall forfeit his or her right to review. The Plan Committee shall review claims that are appealed, and may hold a hearing if it deems necessary, and shall issue a written notice of the final decision. Such notice shall include specific reasons for the decision and specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the decision is based. The decision shall be final and binding upon the Claimant and the Plan Committee and all other persons involved. Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Plan and not resolved through the foregoing process shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in the city of the Company's headquarters, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. In addition, and as an exclusive alternative to the filing of a claim with the Benefits Committee, a Claimant may seek to resolve a dispute or controversy by filing a claim in arbitration without first seeking the review of the Benefits Committee or Plan Committee. The arbitrator may award only those damages which are consistent with the terms of this Plan and shall not have authority to award punitive damages. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction.
Determinations of the Plan Committee; Dispute Resolution
Good Reason
Claimant
7.2 . If a Participant institutes any legal action in seeking to obtain or enforce, or is required to defend in any legal action the validity or enforceability of, any right or benefit provided by this Plan, the Company shall reimburse the Participant (within 10 days following the Company's receipt of an invoice from the Participant) for all reasonable costs and expenses relating to such legal action that are incurred at any time from the Effective Date through the Participant's remaining lifetime or, if longer, through the 20th anniversary of the Effective Date, including reasonable attorney's fees and expenses incurred by such Participant, unless a court or other finder of fact having jurisdiction thereof makes a determination that the Participant's position was frivolous. In no event shall the Participant be required to reimburse the Company for any of the costs and expenses relating to such legal action. The Company's obligations under this Section shall survive the termination of this Plan. In order to comply with
Indemnification
 
Section 409A of the Code, in no event shall the payments by the Company under this Section be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred, provided, that the Participant shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 30 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred. The amount of such legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year, and the Participant's right to have the Company pay such legal fees and expenses may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit.
7.3 . This Plan does not constitute a contract of employment or impose on the Participant or the Company any obligation to retain the Participant as an Employee, to change the status of the Participant's employment, or to change the Company's policies or those of its subsidiaries' regarding termination of employment.
Employment Status
7.4 . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan, which shall remain in full force and effect, and any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Validity and Severability
7.5 . It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under this Plan shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. This Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent. If any compensation or benefits provided by this Plan may result in the application of Section 409A of the Code, the Company shall modify the Plan in the least restrictive manner necessary in order to exclude such compensation from the definition of "deferred compensation" within the meaning of such Section 409A or in order to comply with the provisions of Section 409A, other applicable provision(s) of the Code and/or any rules, regulations or other regulatory guidance issued under such statutory provisions and without any diminution in the value of the payments to the Participants. Although the Company will use its best efforts to avoid the imposition of taxation, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under this Plan is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its subsidiaries nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by a Participant (or any other individual claiming a benefit through the Participant) as a result of this Plan.
Section 409A Savings Clause
7.6 . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of the Plan shall in all respects be governed by the laws of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of law, and to the extent not preempted by ERISA.
Governing Law
7.7 . The Compensation Committee may establish a trust with a bank trustee, for the purpose of paying benefits under this Plan. If so established, the trust shall be a grantor trust subject to the claims of the Company's creditors and shall, immediately prior to a Change in Control, be funded in cash or common stock of the Company or such other assets as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate with an amount equal to 120 percent of the aggregate benefits payable under this Plan assuming that all Participants in the Plan incurred a
Trust
 
termination of employment entitling them to Separation Benefits immediately following the Change in Control, , that, in the event that such funding would result in the imposition of taxes and penalties under Section 409A of the Code with respect to any current or former Section 16 officers or any "covered employees" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the trust shall not be funded with respect to such individuals.
provided
7.8 . The Company may withhold from any amount payable or benefit provided under this Plan such Federal, state, local, foreign and other taxes as are required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.
Withholding
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby certifies that this amended and restated Plan was approved and adopted by the Board on July 24, 2012, to be effective as of January 1, 2013, and, therefore, Teradata has caused this amended and restated Plan to be executed this 24th day of July, 2012.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned parties have executed this Agreement, which includes a release.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20120802075639.txt.gz
TIME:20120802075639
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On August 2, 2012, the Company issued a press release setting forth its second quarter 2012 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on August 2, 2012
Teradata Revenue Increases 18 Percent in Constant Currency
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $665 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, an increase of 14 percent from $581 million in the second quarter of 2011.
ATLANTA
Currency translation reduced the second quarter revenue comparison by 4 percentage points.
(
1)
Gross margin of 57.4 percent was up from the 54.4 percent reported in the second quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the special items and stock-based compensation expense described in footnote #2,
(
2)
gross margin was 58.5 percent, a 260 basis point improvement from 55.9 percent in the second quarter of 2011. The increase in gross margin was driven by leverage from revenue growth as well as a favorable product and services revenue mix.
Stock-based compensation expense and special items had a $20 million negative impact on Teradata's second quarter 2012 net income as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
(
2)
Teradata reported GAAP net income of $112 million, or $0.65 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $103 million, or $0.60 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2011. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and the special items detailed in footnote #2,
(2)
non-GAAP net income in the second quarter of 2012 was $132 million, or $0.77 per diluted share, versus $103 million, or $0.60 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2011.
(2)
"Teradata delivered another strong quarter in Q2 with revenue growth of 18 percent in constant currency, and Non-GAAP EPS growth of 28 percent. As a result, we are increasing our guidance for constant currency revenue growth and EPS for 2012," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation.
"Strong execution across the company led to 20 percent constant currency revenue growth in the first half of 2012 and record operating margin. Our technology leadership and expertise in data warehousing, big data analytics and integrated marketing management uniquely position Teradata to help customers realize the greatest value from their information assets, while enabling them to reduce infrastructure costs."
Regional Operating Segment Results
Teradata reports its results in three regional operating segments.
Teradata generated $398 million of revenue in its Americas region, up 17 percent from $339 million in the second quarter of 2011. Currency translation reduced the year-over-year revenue comparison for the Americas region by 1 percentage point.
(
1)
Revenue in Teradata's EMEA region was $168 million, up 16 percent from $145 million generated in the second quarter of 2011. Currency translation reduced the year-over-year revenue comparison for the EMEA region by 11 percentage points.
(
1)
Teradata generated $99 million of revenue in its APJ region, a 2 percent increase from $97 million in the second quarter of 2011. Currency translation reduced the year-over-year comparison in the APJ region by 2 percentage points.
(
1)
Operating Income
Second-quarter operating income of $160 million increased from $110 million reported in the second quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income of $188 million increased 31 percent from the second quarter of 2011.
(
2)
Higher revenue as well as favorable product and services revenue mix more than offset the increased investment in selling expense and research and development.
Cash Flow
Teradata generated $152 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $179 million in the prior-year period. Teradata generated $113 million of free cash flow (cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
3)
in the second quarter of 2012, versus $146 million in the same period in 2011. The decline in cash from operating activities and free cash flow was due to the timing of balance sheet related items between the first and second quarters of the respective years. See the year-to-date information below which normalizes these timing variances.
Year-to-date, Teradata generated $344 million of cash from operating activities, a $59 million increase from $285 million generated in the first half of 2011. Teradata generated $275 million of free cash flow
(
3)
in the first half of 2012, a $50 million increase from $225 million generated during the same period in 2011.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the second quarter of 2012 with $821 million in cash, a $157 million decrease from March 31, 2012. The net decrease was due in part to acquisition and other investing activities during the quarter. Additionally, Teradata repurchased approximately 545,000 shares for $37 million during the quarter.
As of June 30, 2012, Teradata had total debt of $296 million outstanding under a term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
2012 Outlook
Teradata is raising its expectations for constant currency revenue growth from the 13-15 percent revenue range to the 14-16 percent range. However due to currency changes since early May 2012, when Teradata previously provided revenue guidance, Teradata now anticipates that currency translation will negatively impact the year-over-year revenue comparison by an additional percentage point, based on currency rates on July 30, 2012. As a result Teradata's expectation for 2012 full-year reported revenue growth remains at 12-14 percent.
Teradata is increasing its guidance for 2012 GAAP earnings per share to the range of $2.34 to $2.44. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and special items, non-GAAP EPS for 2012 is now expected to increase to the range of $2.72 to $2.82, versus prior non-GAAP EPS guidance of $2.60 to $2.70.
(2)
2012 Second-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's second-quarter 2012 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company, focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to make the best decisions possible for competitive advantage. Visit for details.
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
Special items included in Teradata's second quarter GAAP operating income results as reported in this release included $8 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $1 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments; $9 million of acquisition transaction and integration expenses; and $10 million of stock-based compensation expense.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view of the company's operating results excluding special items, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time-to-time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
 
 
Schedule C
 
 
Schedule D
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20121101080459.txt.gz
TIME:20121101080459
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On November 1, 2012, the Company issued a press release setting forth its third quarter 2012 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
(d) Exhibits:
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Release on November 1, 2012
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $647 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2012, an increase of 7 percent from $602 million in the third quarter of 2011.
ATLANTA
In constant currency, revenue increased 10 percent from the third quarter of 2011, in line with management's expectations.
(1)
Gross margin of 55.8 percent, as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), improved 130 basis points from the third quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the special items and stock-based compensation expense described in footnote #2,
(2)
gross margin was 56.9 percent, a 150 basis point improvement from 55.4 percent in the third quarter of 2011. The increase in gross margin was driven by leverage from revenue growth as well as a favorable product revenue mix.
Stock-based compensation expense and special items had a $15 million negative impact on Teradata's third quarter 2012 net income as reported under GAAP.
(2)
Teradata reported GAAP net income of $104 million, or $0.60 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $87 million, or $0.51 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and the special items detailed in footnote #2,
(2)
non-GAAP net income in the third quarter of 2012 was $119 million, or $0.69 per diluted share, versus $101 million, or $0.59 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2011.
(2)
"In Q3, Teradata continued to deliver solutions that create value for our customers and solid financial results for Teradata, given the macro-economic environment, said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer of Teradata Corporation. "Teradata's competitive position has never been stronger, and we are well positioned with our market-leading technology and solutions in
three growing and strategic marketsdata warehousing, big data analytics and integrated marketing management."
Regional Revenue Performance
(in millions)
 
 
Operating Income
Third-quarter operating income of $143 million increased from $122 million reported in the third quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income of $166 million increased 16 percent from the third quarter of 2011.
(2)
Higher revenue as well as favorable product revenue mix more than offset the increased investment in selling expense.
Cash Flow
Teradata generated $107 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $102 million in the prior-year period. Teradata generated $67 million of free cash flow (cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
in the third quarter of 2012, versus $75 million in the same period in 2011. The decline in free cash flow was due to increased investments in property and equipment, and capitalized software development expenses.
Year-to-date, Teradata generated $451 million of cash from operating activities, a $64 million increase from $387 million generated in the first nine months of 2011. Teradata generated $342 million of free cash flow
(3)
in the first nine months of 2012, a $42 million increase from the same period in 2011.
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the third quarter of 2012 with $909 million in cash, an $88 million increase from June 30, 2012.
As of September 30, 2012, Teradata had total debt of $292 million outstanding under a term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however, no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
2012 Outlook
Teradata now expects full-year 2012 revenue growth, on a reported basis, to be at the low end of its previous guidance range of 12-14 percent. On a constant currency basis, Teradata expects revenue growth to be at the low end of its prior guidance range of 14-16 percent.
Teradata expects full-year 2012 GAAP earnings per share to be in the middle to the higher end of its previous range of $2.34 to $2.44. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and special items, non-GAAP EPS for 2012 is expected to be in the middle to the higher end of its prior guidance range of $2.72 to $2.82.
(2)
2012 Third-Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's third-quarter 2012 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company, focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to make the best decisions possible for competitive advantage. Visit for details.
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
Special items included in Teradata's third quarter GAAP operating income results as reported in this release included $11 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $2 million of acquisition transaction and integration expenses; and $10 million of stock-based compensation expense.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view of the company's operating results excluding special items, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time-to-time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
 
Schedule C
 
 
Schedule D
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20121210170442.txt.gz
TIME:20121210170442
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 10, 2012, Teradata Corporation (the "Company") issued a press release announcing that the Board of Directors of the Company approved an increased authorization to repurchase up to an additional $300 million of the Company's shares under its general open market share repurchase program. Under the program, which was initially established in February 2008 and expires in February 2015, the Company may repurchase its common stock on the open market at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases. Approximately $81 million of authorization remained available under the repurchase program at the time of the increase in authorization. The Company also maintains an open market dilution offset program under which the Company repurchases shares in the open market to offset shares purchased by employees from the Company under various employee benefit plans. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 
The following exhibit is attached to this Current Report:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: December 10, 2012
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on December 10, 2012
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC), the leading analytic data solutions company, today announced that its board of directors has authorized an additional $300 million for share repurchases under its general open market share repurchase program.
ATLANTA
The prior $300 million authorized in February of 2012 has been used to purchase 3.5 million shares of Teradata's stock during 2012, largely in the fourth quarter of the year. The company has approximately $81 million remaining on the February 2012 authorization. The company also has an ongoing anti-dilution offset repurchase program under which it repurchases common stock in the open market to offset employee stock purchases and option exercises under the company's various employee benefit plans. In total, the company has repurchased 4.3 million shares in 2012, again largely during the fourth quarter of 2012.
Since commencement of the company's share repurchase programs, Teradata has purchased 25 million shares of its common stock, utilizing approximately $835 million from previously authorized share repurchase programs.
"The additional $300 million authorized by Teradata's board of directors for stock repurchases reflects our continued confidence in Teradata's ability to generate attractive cash from operations well in excess of the capital needed to invest in the future growth of our business," said Steve Scheppmann, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Teradata. "Teradata's strong financial position, with limited debt and attractive cash from operations, affords us the opportunity to drive incremental shareholder returns through share-repurchase activity."
The stock is anticipated to be repurchased periodically on an ongoing basis in open market transactions at management's discretion, in accordance with applicable securities rules regarding issuer repurchases. The increased share repurchase authorization is effective immediately and expires on January 30, 2015.
 
Shares will be repurchased in the open market at times and in amounts considered appropriate by the company based on factors including price and market conditions.
Additionally, the company's board of directors has determined that authorized purchases can be made under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A Rule 10b5-1 plan allows Teradata to repurchase its shares during periods when the company would normally not be active in the market due to its own internal trading blackout periods. All such purchases will be made according to a predefined plan that is established when Teradata is not aware of material non-public information about the company.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company, focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to make the best decisions possible for competitive advantage. Visit for details.
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations
 
in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time-to-time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20130207075255.txt.gz
TIME:20130207075255
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2 below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On February 7, 2013, the Company issued a press release setting forth its fourth quarter and full-year 2012 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on February 7, 2013
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $740 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, an increase of 10 percent from $673 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Revenue in the fourth quarter increased 11 percent when compared in constant currency.
ATLANTA
(1)
For the full-year 2012, revenue was $2.665 billion, a 13 percent increase from $2.362 billion in 2011. In constant currency, revenue increased 15 percent for the full-year comparison.
(1)
Gross margin was 55.4 percent, as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), versus 55.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and the other special items described in footnote #2, gross margin was 56.4 percent, also about the same as the 56.5 percent gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2011.
(2)
Gross margin for full year 2012 was 55.9 percent, versus 54.7 percent in 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding special items described in footnote #2, 2012 full-year non-GAAP gross margin was 56.9 percent, a 100 basis point improvement from 55.9 percent for the full-year 2011.
(2)
The increase in non-GAAP gross margin for the full year resulted from improved product margins and a greater portion of product revenue.
Stock-based compensation expense and other special items reduced Teradata's fourth quarter net income by $23 million (or 13 cents of EPS) and 2012 full-year net income by $70 million (or 41 cents of EPS) as reported under GAAP.
(2)
Teradata reported fourth quarter GAAP net income of $112 million, or $0.66 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $98 million, or $0.57 per diluted share, in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year 2012, Teradata reported GAAP net income of $419 million, or
$2.44 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $353 million, or $2.05 per diluted share, for the full year 2011. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and the other special items detailed in footnote #2, non-GAAP net income in the fourth quarter of 2012 was $135 million, or $0.79 per diluted share, versus $113 million, or $0.66 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of 2011.
(2)
Full-year non-GAAP net income was $489 million, or $2.85 per diluted share in 2012, compared to $399 million, or $2.32 per diluted share in 2011.
(2)
"Teradata finished 2012 with a solid fourth quarter performance, resulting in 15 percent constant currency revenue growth and 23 percent non-GAAP earnings per share growth for the full year," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer, Teradata Corporation. "The strength of our technology and the expertise of our people will continue to position Teradata as the trusted partner to the world's data-driven companies with our market-leading analytics and integrated marketing solutions."
Regional Revenue Performance
(in millions)
 
 
Operating Income
Fourth quarter operating income of $150 million increased from $133 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income of $177 million increased $22 million from the fourth quarter of 2011.
(2)
Full-year operating income was $580 million in 2012, versus $456 million in 2011. On a non-GAAP basis, full-year operating income was $678 million, a 22 percent increase from $557 million in 2011.
(2)
For both the fourth quarter and full-year 2012, higher revenue as well as favorable product margins more than offset the increased investment in direct sales resources.
Cash Flow
During the fourth quarter of 2012, Teradata generated $124 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $126 million in the prior-year period. An increase in accounts receivable was offset by other working capital items. Teradata generated $85 million of free cash flow (cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(3)
in the fourth quarter of 2012, versus $103 million in the same period in 2011. Since cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter was about the same as that generated in the prior year period, the decline in free cash flow was due to increased investments in property and equipment, and capitalized software development expenses.
For the full year, Teradata generated $575 million of cash from operating activities, versus $513 million generated in 2011. Teradata's free cash flow for the full year was $427 million, a $24 million increase from $403 million generated in 2011.
 
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended 2012 with $729 million in cash, a $180 million decrease from September 30, 2012, and a $43 million decrease from December 31, 2011. During the quarter, Teradata purchased 3.9 million shares of its stock for $241 million. During 2012, Teradata purchased a total of 4.5 million shares of its stock for $280 million, and used approximately $270 million of cash for acquisitions and equity investments.
As of December 31, 2012, Teradata had total debt of $289 million outstanding under a term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however, no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
2013 Outlook
In 2013, Teradata expects revenue to increase approximately 6 to 10 percent from the $2.665 billion of revenue reported in 2012. Based on currency rates on January 31, 2013, Teradata does not anticipate that currency translation will have a meaningful impact on the year-over-year revenue comparison in 2013.
GAAP earnings per share in 2013 is expected to be in the $2.64 to $2.79 range. Excluding stock-based compensation expense and other special items, non-GAAP earnings per share for 2013 is expected to be in the $3.05 to $3.20 range.
(2)
2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 8:30 a.m. (ET) to discuss the company's fourth quarter 2012 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company, focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to make the best decisions possible for competitive advantage. Visit for details.
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
Special items included in Teradata's fourth quarter GAAP operating income results as reported in this release included $12 million of stock-based compensation expense; $10 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; and $5 million of acquisition transaction and integration expenses. For the full year, special items included in Teradata's GAAP operating income included $43 million of stock-based compensation expense; $36 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; $17 million of acquisition transaction and integration expenses; and $2 million of acquisition-related purchase accounting adjustments.
Special items included in Teradata's fourth quarter and full-year 2012 non-GAAP net income as reported in this release included $4 million of income tax benefit related to the 2012 U.S. Research & Development tax credit. This benefit was excluded from the GAAP net income results in the fourth quarter and full-year 2012 results due to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 not being enacted until 2013.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view of the company's operating results excluding special items, (3) provide useful information to management and investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(b) Operating Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(c) Net Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(d) Earnings Per Share Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information technology industry and the data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time-to-time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Schedule A
 
 
Schedule B
 
 
Schedule C
 
 
Schedule D
.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20130502161742.txt.gz
TIME:20130502161742
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2 below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company is furnishing the following information as required under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" of Form 8-K and Item 7.01 "Regulation FD Disclosure." Such information, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
On May 2, 2013, the Company issued a press release setting forth its first quarter 2013 revenue and earnings per share amounts. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and hereby incorporated by reference.
 
The information set forth above under Item 2.02 "Results of Operations and Financial Condition" is furnished pursuant to this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01.
 
 
The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form 8-K:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Release on May 2, 2013
 Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) today reported revenue of $587 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, a decrease of 4 percent from $613 million in the first quarter of 2012. Revenue in the first quarter decreased 3 percent when compared in constant currency.
ATLANTA
(1)
Gross margin was 52.0 percent, as reported under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), versus 55.1 percent in the first quarter of 2012. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and the other special items described in footnote #2, gross margin was 53.3 percent, down from the 55.9 percent gross margin in the first quarter of 2012.
(2)
Teradata reported first quarter GAAP net income of $59 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, which compared to GAAP net income of $91 million, or $0.53 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2012. Stock-based compensation expense and other special items reduced Teradata's first quarter net income by $14 million (or 8 cents of EPS) as reported under GAAP.
(2
)
Excluding stock-based compensation expense and the other special items detailed in footnote #2, non-GAAP net income in the first quarter of 2013 was $73 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, versus $103 million, or $0.60 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2012.
(2)
"As we expected, Teradata got off to a slow start in the first quarter of 2013. Although we continue to see softness in large capital purchases, we continue to have strong market momentum with our Aster Big Data Analytics and Integrated Marketing solutions as well as our Unified Data Architecture which helps organizations drive value from all of their data," said Mike Koehler, president and chief executive officer, Teradata Corporation. "In 2013, we will continue to increase our investments in research and development and market coverage in order to further advance our leadership positions and grow our revenues in Data Warehousing, Big Data Analytics, and Integrated Marketing Management in the years to come."
 
Regional Revenue Performance
 
 
Operating Income
First quarter operating income of $76 million was down from $127 million reported in the first quarter of 2012. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income was $104 million versus $147 million in the first quarter of 2012.
(
2)
The decline was primarily due to lower revenue volume, unfavorable revenue mix as well as increased investment in sales resources and research and development.
Cash Flow
During the first quarter of 2013, Teradata generated $243 million of cash from operating activities, compared to $192 million in the prior-year period. The increase was driven by the collection of seasonally high accounts receivables balance as of December 31, 2012. Teradata generated $216 million of free cash flow (cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and additions to capitalized software)
(
3)
in the first quarter of 2013, versus $162 million in the same period in 2012.
Balance Sheet
Teradata ended the quarter with $853 million in cash, a $124 million increase from December 31, 2012. The overall increase in cash in the first quarter was somewhat offset by Teradata's purchase of 1.6 million shares of its stock for approximately $94 million during the quarter. Year to-date, through April 30, Teradata purchased 2.7 million shares for approximately $155 million.
As of March 31, 2013, Teradata had total debt of $285 million outstanding under a term loan. Additionally, Teradata has $300 million available through a pre-arranged credit facility; however, no funds were drawn from the credit facility.
2013 Outlook
 
Teradata now expects revenue growth for the full-year 2013 to be at the lower end of its prior revenue growth rate guidance of 6 to 10 percent, when measured in constant currency.
(1)
Based on currency rates at the end of April, 2013, Teradata now anticipates currency translation to reduce its year-over-year revenue comparison by approximately 1 percent. Teradata also now expects earnings per share for the full-year 2013 to be at the lower end of its prior guidance ranges of $2.64-$2.79 on a GAAP basis and $3.05-$3.20 on a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expense and other special items.
(
2
)
2013 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call
A conference call is scheduled today at 4:30 p.m. (ET) to discuss the company's first quarter 2013 results. Access to the conference call, as well as a replay of the call, is available on Teradata's web site at .
www.teradata.com/investor
Supplemental financial information regarding Teradata's operating results is also available on the Investor Relations page of Teradata's web site.
About Teradata
Teradata Corporation (NYSE: TDC) is the world's leading analytic data solutions company, focused on integrated data warehousing, big data analytics, and business applications. Teradata's innovative products and services deliver data integration and business insight to empower organizations to make the best decisions possible for competitive advantage. Visit for details.
teradata.com
Teradata is a trademark or registered trademark of Teradata Corporation in the United States and other countries.
 
 
 
 
Special items included in Teradata's 2013 first quarter GAAP operating income results as reported in this release included $13 million of stock-based compensation expense; $12 million of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets; and $3 million of acquisition transaction and integration expenses.
In addition to the special items included in Teradata's 2013 first quarter GAAP operating income, Teradata's GAAP net income also included a $4 million income tax benefit related to the 2012 U.S. Research & Development tax credit. This benefit was included in Teradata's non-GAAP results in the fourth quarter of 2012, since the benefit related to the 2012 tax reporting period. However, Teradata could not include the tax benefit in its GAAP results in the fourth quarter of 2012 due to the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 not being enacted until January 2013. As a result, the $4 million tax benefit is included in Teradata's first quarter 2013 GAAP net income, but excluded from the company's non-GAAP net income.
The following tables reconcile Teradata's actual and projected results and EPS, under GAAP to the company's actual and projected non-GAAP results and EPS for the periods presented, which exclude certain items. Our management regularly uses supplemental non-GAAP financial measures, such as gross margin, operating income, net income and EPS, excluding certain items internally, to understand, manage and evaluate our business and support operating decisions. The company believes such non-GAAP financial measures (1) provide useful information to investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of the company's ongoing operations, (2) are useful for period-over-period comparisons of such operations and results, that may be more easily compared to peer companies and allow investors a view of the company's operating results excluding special items, (3) provide useful information to management and
 
investors regarding present and future business trends, and (4) provide consistency and comparability with past reports and projections of future results.
(a) Gross Margin Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(b) Operating Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
(c) Net Income Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures
 
 
 
 
Note to Investors
This news release contains forward-looking statements, including statements as to anticipated or expected results, beliefs, opinions and future financial performance, within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements include projections of revenue, profit growth and other financial items, future economic performance and statements concerning analysts' earnings estimates, among other things. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Teradata's actual results to differ materially. In addition to the factors discussed in this release, other risks and uncertainties could affect our future results, and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Such factors include those relating to: the global economic environment in general or on the ability of our suppliers to meet their commitments to us, or the timing of purchases by our current and potential customers, and other general economic and business conditions; the rapidly changing and intensely competitive nature of the information
 
technology industry and the data warehousing business, including the increased pressure on price/performance for data warehousing solutions; fluctuations in our operating results, unanticipated delays or accelerations in our sales cycles and the difficulty of accurately estimating revenues; risks inherent in operating in foreign countries, including the impact of economic, political, legal, regulatory, compliance, cultural, foreign currency fluctuations and other conditions abroad; the timely and successful development, production or acquisition and market acceptance of new and existing products and services, including our ability to accelerate market acceptance of new products and services as well as the reliability, quality and operability of new products because of the difficulty and complexity associated with their testing and production; tax rates; turnover of workforce and the ability to attract and retain skilled employees; availability and successful exploitation of new acquisition and alliance opportunities; our ability to execute integration plans for newly acquired entities, including the possibility that expected synergies and operating efficiencies may not be achieved, that such integration efforts may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, and that operating costs, customer loss and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, clients or suppliers) may be greater than expected following the transaction; recurring revenue may decline or fail to be renewed; changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and the resulting impact, if any, on the company's accounting policies; continued efforts to establish and maintain best-in-class internal information technology and control systems; and other factors described from time-to-time in the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q, as well as the company's annual reports to stockholders. The company does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:TDC/TDC-8K-20130506153311.txt.gz
TIME:20130506153311
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") of Teradata Corporation (the "Company) was held on April 30, 2013. At the Annual Meeting, the holders of a total of 142,293,712 shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote were present in person or represented by proxy, constituting approximately 85.7% of the total shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders voted on four matters: a proposal to elect Edward P. Boykin, Cary T. Fu and Victor L. Lund as Class III directors, an advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation (a "say-on-pay" vote), a proposal to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2013, and a stockholder proposal recommending declassification of our board of directors. The number of shares voted with respect to each matter required to be reported herein was certified by an independent inspector of elections and is set forth below:
1. Election of Class III directors for three-year terms expiring at the 2016 Annual Meeting and to hold office until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified.
1a. Edward P. Boykin
 
1b. Cary T. Fu
 
1c. Victor L. Lund
 
2. An advisory (non-binding) vote on executive compensation.
 
3. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2013.
 
4. Approval of a stockholder proposal recommending declassification of our board of directors.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Dated: May 6, 2013


</DOCUMENT>
